'

-INPAAIN TAFT SEES
MAINE'S DEAD BURIED

resident, Bareheaded, Eulogizes
Navy Martyrs While 25,000
Brave Storm.

 

 

 

NATION’S | LAST TRIBUTE

 

 

Clouds Obseure Sun and Downpour Be-
gins With First Roar of
Saluting Guns.

_—

WasHINGTON,’ March 23,—President Taft,
the Congress of the United States, all the
army and navy officers in Washington
and 25,000 reverent citizen& stood bare-
headed in a driving rain this afternoon
wnile the remains of the Maine victims,
borne on flag and flower draped army
caissons, rumbled past in their last re-

 

 

view

Only one week ago the barnacled shell
of the memorable warship, raised from
the Havana harbor bottom, was towed
out to sea and sunk again to the thunder
of guns, the dipping of flags and all the
honors the navy could bestow. To-day
the pathetic remnante of the sixty-six
men that lay for fourteen years in the
wave washed hulk were interred [beside
their 166 comrades who already lay in the
Arlington Cemetery on a hill facing the
distant Capitol and overlooking the wide
expanse of the Potomac.

lhe ceremony meant more than a
mere tribute to the memory of the gal-
lant sixty-six. It was a last service, as
the President and Chaplain Chidwick of
the destroyed vessel made plain in their
speeches over the Maine
itself a tinal expression by the Govern: |
ment through its officials of high and low
degree and by the throng of citizens
present °

\ gleaming sun shone on Pennsylvania
avenue, the parade ground of mee |
pageants, when the funeral coriége left
the Washington navy yard, but when the
lirst coffin-bearing caisson swung into
the roadway behind the State, War and
Navy building, the top of the Washington
monument, looming just a few hundred
yards away, was obscured because of
clouds. Hail spattered while Chaplain
Rayard was delivering the* invocation;
it rained while Chaplain Chidwick and
President Taft were speaking and the |
heavens opened as the first gun from the
battery stationéd on the White Lot boomed |
forth in the national salute.

Rut the great crowd remained until!
the end, bare headed most of the time,
absolutely silent. gazing at the six horse
caissous with coffins atop, parked in the
roadway in front of the President's stand,
and drinking in the stirring and patriotic
words of the speakers. Not unitl the
Marine band, stationed on the steps of the
stay, War and Navy building, began to
play Mascheroni’s “For All Eternity,”
after the benediction and the first caisson |
fed fallen into line behind the military |
mndocivil eseort for the long march to
Arlington, did the crowd begin to disperse.

nou. too, for the tirst time did Presi-

impressive

 

Jen. aft, his head and face dripping

{the rain glistening on his long over-
cout, seck the shelter of an umbrella. Aj
it innutes later, when his cavalry |

cor! came galloping @o the front of the |

stand, he stepper into one of the White
House automobiles and fell in behind for
the trip to the National cemetery.

it was a matter of interest that during |
the ceremoniesgthe Cuban Minister Sefior |
Martin-Rivero sat) on the President's
right. Next to him was Secretary of |

 

Navy Meyer, while in the sarne row and
near to Mr. Taft were Admiral Sigsbee,
who as @ captain was in command of the |
Maine when she was blown up, and Ad- |
inival Chadwick, who was his executive |
officer at the time. |

lo mention the names of the members |
vf the Senate and House who attended
would be to give almost the complete
roster of the two branches of Congress.
The Diplomatic Corps was well repre-
sented and thousands of Government |
lerks, let off for the afternoon, utilized
their unusual holiday by attending the
services, Many of them, despite the rain,
took the electric cars for Arlington and |
saw the coffiuas lowered into the graves
while the firing squadron delivered the |
customary three volleys and the bugles |
sounded “taps.”

At the cemetery the twenty-one gun
uutional salute was fired by a Fort Myer
battery as the funeral party entered the
gates ‘Then the President was saluted
and after the services were over the bat-
tery again boomed the twenty-one guns
» honor of the President.

During Chaplain Chidwick’s eloquent
address at the State, War and Navy
Kiilding ceremonies, in which he graph-
ically deseribed as a witness the horrors
of the blowing up of the Maine, every eye
Vas centred on those whose names had
heen identified with the destroyed ship.

Special reservations had been made
u the platform beside the President for
the mourners, the next of kin and other
relotives of the 260 victims of the ex-

sion and for those who are left of
the ninety-five survivors. But only a
woof them were in Washington or
© get here for the service. For

the last ten days, the Navy Department
’ very effort to get invitations to
those most interested, but without much
coves. Few of the next of kin have
een in touch with the Department since
‘her claims were adjusted by the United
. court several years ago, and doubt

; tvany of them have changed their

idresses.

Of the sixty bluejackets and thirteen
Marines who survived the disaster only
ttew remain in the service and these ure
seal ered on the various ships and stations, |
Une Sergt. Anthony, who was a private

ibe Marine Corps and was Capt.
“igsbee's orderly, committed suicide a
fe’ years ago ina New York park. Ever
ehoolboy knows the story of how Bill
\nthony after the ship had been rent

Y two explosions groped his way
'hrough the darkness to his Captain's
“ and swinging it open stood at
Rilute and said;

~1r, [have the honor to report that the

 

 

 

bhipo» blown up and Is sinking.”
Ol the twent -four surviving officers
4 Uviaber have become separated from

se eervice by resignation or death, while
! ‘hers have been retired. At the
hheral were Sigsbee, the captain; Wain-
‘ ', the executive: Lieut.-Commander
fonas H Holden,
Haid Ho Boyd, Medical Director lL. G,
ouneherger and Chaplain John P. Chid-
Sigshee and Walnwaatt are re-
fed itoear Admirals, Holden is in charge
)) the naval reeraiting grounds at Indian
fi d, Madi; Bord, who was the last
peer to leave the ship alive, clearing a |
meron which Merritt, who was immedi-
eely behind him, was trapped, is on duty
~ (he Navy Department; Hennerger
tember of the Naval Retiring Board
his city and Chaplain Chidwick is in|
of the Catholic Theological schoo)
# Yonkers, No ¥
lie Spanish War Veterans had the place
Of honor and more than 200 of them
Marched beside the thirty-four caissons |
'o Arlington and lowered ‘the coffins into
‘'e graves. Right in front of President
Patt When he spoke were these veterans |
“The War of fourteen years ago. ‘They
Wer
‘Hey Wore go uniforms and they did not
Keer a miitary formation, but they hung
wy word uttered by Chaplain Chid-
Sand the President and many of them
hens wiped their eyes as the chaplain
of the Maine disaster and spoke of |
(0) fated ship as an “altar upon which
to, ilies were offered up as sacri-
‘lo the qause of freedom.
The President spoke briefly but with

Lieut.-Commander |QLD WARSHIPS TRANSFERRED.

sion und reserve lists,

completion ©

nol dressed up for the occasion, harge at Philadelphia and the

 

feeling. He handed his hat to Secretary
Meyer as he stepped to the front of the
platform and spoke with the rain beating
down on his bare head. He said:

It is well that we shall halt the wheels
of Government and stay the hum of in-
dustry to take time to note by appropriate
coremonies the debt we owe to those ‘who
gave up their lives for the nation. We
raised the ship from the mud bottom of
Havana harbor and gave’ her. remains
honorable burial in the blue waves of the
ovraan,

We now consign to the sacred soil of Ar-
lington the whitened bones of those who
gave the Maine her personality and made
her a living weapon for the protection
of national honor and vital interest.

We have given to these ceremonies all
possible solemnity included in the honors
of war and we shall fail if we do not express
in unmistakable tone and sing the deep
and lasting gratitude of a nation to her
martyr defenders.

These, our honored dead, were hurled
into @ternity without the inspiration of
anticipated battle or hope for victory.
But they were on duty when they went
down; they wore the uniform of your be-
loved country and are to be classed well
to the fore in that long list of naval heroes
whose steadfastness and courage have
given the American navy the high position
it occupies among the navies of the world.
We must pay appropriate honor to the
memory of the first of the country’s sons
who gave up their lives in our war with
Spain. 1 do not mean by this to charge
responsibility to the Spanish Government
for the explosion of the Maine, but that the
tragedy was part of the causes which led
up to the Spanish war no one famillar with
the circumstances now can doubt.

That war every American can feel proud
of because it was fought without a single
selfish instinct and was promoted by the
most altruistic motives. Beginning with
a self-denying ordinance with respect to
Cuba we were forced into the attitude of
taking over the Philippines and our course
in those islands has reflected the highest
credit on our purposes and civilization.

The ceremonies constituted the moat
imposing funeral pageant the national
capital has seen since President McKin-
ley’s body was borne up Pennsylvania
avenue to lie in state in the rotunda of
the Capitol. To-day’s cortége followed
the same route.

The coftins were transferred in the
ere the scout cruiser Birming-
ham, which brought them from Cuba,
to the artillery caissons, and at 1 o'clock
the procession. start for the State,
War and Navy Building. Each caisson
was drawn by six horses and the pine
box on each caisson had been draped
with flags and was weighted down with
flowers. On the coffin on the twelfth
caisson was a model of the old Maine
made of flowers.

In addition to the Spanish war veterans,
six of whom marched as a guard of honor
beside each coffin bearing caisson, there
was an escort in command of Commander
C. F. Hughes of t Birmingham, the
Fifteenth Cavalry band and a squadron
from .that regiment, the Mariné Band,
battalions of marines and = engineers
and local militia. In addition there were
the Maine survivors already mentioned,
Bishop Anderson, the diplomatic repre-
sentatives and a number of Secretary
Meyer's aides.

Every flag in this city was at half mast
and the bells on many of the churches
tolled as the procession moved up Penn-
sylvania avenue between lines of bare-
headed citizens.

Of the 260 who lost their lives in the
sinking of the Maine 232 are now at rest
in Arlington Cemetery. Nineteen are
buried at Key West and the body of one
officer, Lieut. Friend W. Jenkins, lies at
Allegheny, Pa., and that of another in an
Iowa cemetery. Only eight are missing.
No further effort will be made to find
them. ‘

NAVY'S. REFORM CAMP.

Prunes and Rice Pudding Part of Reform j
Scheme That Works Well.

WASHINGTON, March 23.—Stewed prunes |
and rice pudding have been adopted as
& means for reforming unruly men of
the navy. These two desserts have
been put on the menu of the parole or
good behavior mess in the navy reform
school at Port Royal, S.C.

This institution, officially known as the
naval disciplinary barracks and com-
monly known as the naval detention
camp, hes just undergone a thorough
inspection by Assistant Secretary of the
Navy Winthrop. Mr. Winthrop returned
to Washington’ to-day enthusiastic over
what has heen accomplished in this
camp during the six months it has been
in existence. He gave ‘high praise to
Major Charles B. Hateh, U. S. M. ©.,
who was placed in charge.

Of approximately 500 prisoners who
have been sent to this camp, about half
have been placed on parole. There have
been only two escapes from the barracks,
and although a number of the parole
men have had leave to visit their homes
on furlough, not one has failed to return.
The liberal form of treatment given
these prisoners by Major Hatch, in which
each man is placed on his honor when
he enters the parole class, and the fact
that the parole mess, which is separated
ouly fy an aisle in the dining hall from
the general mess, is supplied with prunes
and rice pudding has made many re-
cruits to this mess

Mr. Winthrop found that the men are
kept busy with the engineering and con
struction work needed to get the plant
into shape, and they are drilled for several
hours daily. Neports from ‘ships which
have reached the department indicate
that these men upon being restored to
their regular duty have shown a@ re -
markable improvement in general effi -
erency.

All prisoners sent to this camp have
been convicted of minor offences by
general or summary courts-martial. Here-
tofore they have been confined in the
regular prisons, with criminals. The
camp was established for the purpose of
separating from the criminal class men
who have been found guilty of first
offences or of minor breaches of regula-
tions, such a8 absence without leave,
insubordination, &0, It was found that
aterm in prison seldom improved 4 man's
general conduct or efficiency.

The stigma of a prison term doesn't
follow a term at Port Royal. Instead
of being dressed as convicts, they are
allowed to retain their uniforms. The
newcomers have the heavier work to do,
and this as well as dessert for dinner
affords an incentive for them to make
the probation class.

 

 

 

Navy Department Makes Changes tn
Commission and Reserve Lists.

WasHiNnoton, March 23.—Orders issued
by the Navy Department to-day alter the
status of o'ter warships on the cormmis-

The cruiser Cleveland is transferred
frem the Pacific reserve fleet.and placed
out of commission at the Mare Island
yard; the cruisers Chattanooga and Gal-
veston, which were in the Pacific reserve
fleet, will be placed in second reserve upon

répairs at the Mare Island
yard,

Tae Kentucky,
Kearsarge and Illinois, which have been
laid up at Atlantic coast yards for repatra,
will be placed in commission in second re-
serve-——-the Alabama ut the New York
yard, the Kentucky at Norfolk, the Kear-
llinols at

battleships Alabama,

Boston,

DR. WILEY TO BE HEARD.

Will Appear for the Public at Pure Food
Hearings.

WasuiNnoTton, Murch 23,—Foes of Dr.

Harvey W. Wiley made it known to-day

Me

ee

plain, ordinary citizen to have his say
in, behalf of the people at hearings of the
Pure Food Board, of which he was for-
merly a member.
. “My volce is going to be heard here-
atter-—veprosenting the public in.a place
it has had mighty I =
sentation heretofore,” Dr. fit Atle conte
fapomant food a
an rug hearings sched-
ten months, . oe

where

Nn A
_

J

for the next

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH %,

Lord & Taylor

Founded 1826

 

Are Showing
Silk Chiffons &S Chiffon Cloths

in over one thousand shades, including many
exclusive colorings not to be found elsewhere.

. Special Silk Offerings
15,000 yards

Satin Charmeuse
40 inches wide, in all the most desirable

evening and street shades.
| Regularly $3.00 per yard

Black Cashmere-de-Soie
36 inches wide; 3,500 yards. $1 3 &
Usually $3.00 per yard

Black Silk Pongees
86 inches wide; 5,000 yards.
. Usually $1.60 per yard

#3 inch Foulard Silks
In a good selection of patterns ne J5Oc

colorings. Special per yar
42 inch Imported
Black Taffeta Dress Silks
Usually $2.50 per yard

 

$1.95
| 80c

8195

‘

French Bordered Dress Linen

(our latest importation)

Mexican open work with colored border }
on white ground. 46 inches wide; per yd. } $125

Pure White French

Ramie Dress Linen
36 inches wide; unusual value; per yard

Navy Blue Serges

50 inches wide; for separate skirts and! $7.70
tailored gowns. Sponged and shrunk, (
Usually $1.50 per y: }

 

JIC

 

Wash Dress Cottons

20,000 yards .
‘Woven Dotted Swisses, Tissue Ging-
hams, Belfast Dimities and Fancy
Voiles ; |
in striped, dotted and plain effects.
per yard |

White Goods

30-32 inch St.-Gall Swisses, Marqui-
settes, Piques, Chiffon Voiles, Fancy
eae Novelties and Ratine
Cloths.

Special
7c

58C

Regularly 85c to $1.25 per yard
36 inch Lining Satins

In the popular Spring shades, also black
or white. egularly 85c per yard

.

5S

 

 

Special Values in Laces

Shadow Lace Flouncings
27 and 45 inches wide, white and cream

$2.95 to $9.50 per yard.

Lace Bandings
in imitation Venise, Point Boheme, Carrick-
macross and Irish Crochet, 3 to 9 inch widths,

$1.25 to $3.95 per yard.

Real Races

Real Venise Lace Edges
1 inch wide—$2.00 per yard.

Real Venise Laces
6 inches wide—$72.95 per yard.

 

Real Filet Lace Insertions
219 inches wide—$7.75 per yard.

Real Cluny Lace Insertions
419 inches wide—}8c per yard.

Real Baby Irish Crochet

Lace Insertions
4 inches wide—$}.95 per yard.

 

Broadway & 20th St.; 5th Ave.; 19th St.

 

ley asserted
ure food champion expects t i
for the public at halt a se ee

ginning at 3 in the after

proceed: re t
| (Of the Santa Clare Homes,

h

 

\

Na ees

that he intends in his new capacity as a|
Quaker Fair at Sherman Square Hotel.

The Rayson School League is making
Preparations for a Quaker fair and enter-
tainment to be held at the Sherman
Square Hotel, Broadway dnd Seventy-
first street, on Saturday, March 30. There
wtli_ be two performances, the first be-

oon and the
Second at 7:30 in the evenine. Tea will
be served ofter the day performance.

a i used” for the Deneat

 

 

i re

eee

1912.

 

BEGINNING MONDAY, THE 25TH, CHARGE CUSTOMERS MAY HAVE PURCHASES CHARGED ON
APRIL ACCOUNT AND BILL RENDERED MAY IST.

 

4

-

To the woman who seeks individuality, ex-
clusiveness and good taste in Outer-Dress, at
sensible prices, does this establishment strongly
appeal—

The Gidding Salons fill a want never before met by any
other specialty or dry goods store in this city, because here 1s

offered the UNUSUAL in Outer-Garments and Milli-

nery at the price of the usual.

This “ Store de Luxe” literally brings Paris to the very door of women
who are critical about their dress—and who demand the fashions
of the hour.

Spring Tailor-made Suits and Costumes

If there was nothing else in its splendid Spring Displays, the reputation
of this house could rest alone upon its superb showing of new Tailor-
made Suits—for in them the most exclusive Paris style-characteristics are
wonderfully well brought out by the highest-class custom workmanship.
There is an incomparable selection in all the newest materials and shades,

at— $45, $50, §55 & $65
$28,535 & $50

For Small Women and Misses in many becoming styles— -

Two and Three-piece Tailor-made Costumes —
Original Models, Reproductions and Adaptations

Of plain and fancy imported mateérials—faille silk, taffeta, silk armure
bengaline, broche silk; in original Paris models and their correct adapta-
tions. Two-piece, at— $75, §85, §95 and upwards

-piece at— $150, $175 and upwards

Reception and Afternoon Gowns

Stunning new Paris styles of plain and shotted chiffon taffetas, daintily trimmed with
lace and batiste; also of meteor, charmeuse, foulard, net and various combinations—

$48, §55, $65, §75 and upwards

Frocks for Misses and Small Women— $32, $35, $42, and upwards

Beautiful Afternoon and Evening Wraps

Exclusive effects; of satin, broche satin, satin crepe, bengaline moire, charmeuse and
chiffon—many of them lined with plain and novelty chiffon—the largest and most

exclusive assortment in the city— $35, $40, $50, $75 and upwards

Smart Morning and Street Dresses

Charming Spring Frocks of serge, suitings, plain and pin-striped taffetas now so much the
vogue; also in fetching combinations of voile, taffeta and foulard—representing the
cery newest ideas of noted Parisian costumers— $25, §28, §32, $35, $42 and up

Motoring, Outing and “ Utility” Coats

Calling particular attention to the large variety we are now showing.

$35, $45 & $55
$25, §29 & $35

Distinctive new models in all the fashionable fabrics—_
Misses’: Spring Coats in many styles—
Norfolk, Tennis and other Short Coats in great variety—

Exclusive Effects in Spring Blouses

High and Low-neck Blouses of voile, batiste, etc., at—

French Hand-made Blouses of chiffon and laces, at—
§15, $25, $38, 845 and upwards

ESPECIAL ATTENTION'IS INVITED TO THE
Charming Paris Millinery for Spring

Almost every prominent modiste abroad has contributed to this exclusive gathering of
correct chapeaux for every occasion—all sensibly priced—

Dress Hats of unusual charm and elegance, at-~-

$22, §25, §30 & $35

Tailored Hats for street wear in smart Sailor and Turban effects, some trimmed with
lyre’ and pheasant tails— . $15, $18 & $20

Fifth Avenue at 46th Street

$7.50, $10 & $15.

 

4
%

f