FOURTH SECTION.

-_

 

 

 

 

 

Thrilling Story Told by a Naval Officer
of High Rank of the Destruc-
tion of Our Battleship.

The following narrative was written for | the Maine was blown up by the ones in

Tir Stn by @ naval officer who served

* through the Spanish war and had unusual
opportunities for obtaining much importan
cod exclusive information about the de-
struction of the Maine.

After leaving the naval service he in1de
several visits to Havana to pursue his inves-
tigations. He became thoroughly convinced
that the facts given in the story he has written
jor Tue Sun are correct, but there are some
details that cannot be verified, in fact it is
probable that they never will be. He con-
svited hia friends about the publication

* of the story, and it was their consensus
that with some proo/a missing it had bet-
ter be given in narrative form, as a more
specific and detailed recital of facts might
lead to unpleasant consequences for those
who have supplied some of the essential par-
tieularas under the aeal of secrecy.

The officer in question held high rank
a‘ter the warand ia well known to THE SUN.

It was a strect In the foreign quarter |

of New York. The evening crowds
jostled each other on the sidewalk and
the shops were brightly lighted, with
* doors invitingly open for the most part.

As I passed an eating place the sound
of laughter came out to me and an
odor of cooking; an odor that suggested
tamales, chile eén carne and frijoles, not
to mention other good things cooked

{n the way that reminds one of Mexico
and other sunny places. I went In,
taking a seat at one of the unoccupied
tables, addressed the waiter in the

language that was spoken around me
and ordered my favorite dish and wine.

It was not an elegant restaurant. It
was not even middle class. andor com-
pels me to admit thit ‘t was rather
dirty and disreputable; but it had a
certain air of jollity. The sizzling
sounds that came from behind the par-
titlon against which I sat were tnvit-
{ne, and, more than all, the cooking
emelis were the same that I had known
under stone arches In a far away land
across the sea, and I had often longed
for them again.

While I was waiting for my supper
an elderly man at the next table at-
tracted my attention. He had close
cropped gray hair and a short, bristling
mustache. His eyes were very deep set
and bright, and his swarthy, wrinkled
face was unusually thoughtful In ex-
pression. He was alone and ate slow-
ly, washing down his platter of fish
with a mixture of brandy and water
which he himself prepared with care.
Although there were tattoo marks on
the back of one of his hands the hands
, themseives were rather plump and soft.

He was evidently not a working man,

ke most of the others in the place.

He did not look up when the women

laughed, and after his supper he smoked

his cigar in silence, eying me askance
ence In a while. As he had noticed my
presence I was encouraged to ask him
for a match when I had pushed away
. My plate and rolled a cigarette. My

Yaccent seemed to encourage him, for

he quoted a proverb as he handed me

the match tray, and I was sure then
of the particular province in which he
had been born.

One remark led to another, and before
long I had moved over to his table, he
was smoking one of my cigars and I
was sharing his little bottle of brandy.
Soon we were talking of cities that he
had not seen since his boyhood and I
had not visited for years. Names that
neither of us could recollect at first

™ came back to one or the other. We re-
called cathedrals, theatres and bull rings
on two continents. He had spent
feveral years on different § vessels,
though whether as a sallor or steward

I did not ask and he did not tell me.

Finally he said he had settled down

!n Havana and there he had lived for

twenty years. He had been a soldier,

he claimed, but the proprietor of the

piace told me the next day, when I

went back to find out what I could

ebout him, that it was not true; he
had been a barber. However, he

*rhowed the most intimate knowledge

of the Spanish regiments that had been

fent over to fight the Cuban rebels. He
their officers by name, the
mbers of the troops quartered in and
mDout the elty, the calibres of the guns
at the castle and the fortress across the
harbor, and was particularly familiar
with the names of the staff of Gover-
nor-General Blanco, I was able to
prove all these things from my own
records after I got home. The pro-
prietor called him “Emilio”; but when

Whe quoted orders that had been given

to him he spoke of himself as “Jose.”

His story was so interesting that I have
Written {t down, Moreover it ought to
end the contention as to who blew up
the Maine, and therefore it should be
known to every one.

I will not try to reproduce his idioms
and will omit every foreign word, 80
that {t may be plain, And I will not

; Mention a patriot's name, because when

“) we parted, long after midnight, I swore

to him, In the form of oath that people
of his province use, that I would re-

Sbect his confidence and never repeat
what he had sald In a way that might
call down on him the anger of those
who were sttll ving and who had been

¢ B04 to him,

“Is It true, sir,” he asked, “that the
alne !s at last burted?”

! essured him that it was.

ao nd that they know beyond a doubt
‘at she was blown up from the out-

Bide?

-

knew all

M

Again T assented.

“It !s as my friend the cigar seller
cella me," he sald with an alr of con-
victon, “As for me, I cannot read.
“hat 9 perhaps why I remember so well
wat [ hear, and why I was so often
rusted to carry messages that no one

Fhouid see, both before and during the
War, : .

 

corded'the utmost politeness, that noth-
{ng must happen to the ship or to any
of your people under any circum-
stances, that our Government did not
want war and that we could not engage
fn one with you and handle the rebels
too. He sald it very earnestly over and
over again, but he said he knew well
‘that when the ship had been moored
in the harbor, if anything happened
| that angered your people or offended
power or by the rebels?” | her captain it would go hard with the

“No,” I said, “they do not, even now.” ; City. Your Capt. Sigsbee, he sald, was

“The®e was nothing found to tell the ® Very grim man, a man of great polite-

| tale?” ness but afraid of nothing. He might
| “Nothing. Not a clue. No one ®t any moment send one of his officers
knows.” And then 1 hazarded, “Unless | @8hore with a note saying: ‘Unless you
lyou know." | release such @ man or refrain from

“T do,” he saié gravely. “IT have al- | executing such another because he is
| ways known, as it was I who carried | Citizen of my country or do not do
| most of the messages that made !t pos- | ——--—--—---
sible. Not that we did it, though!” he|
added hastily. j

“I am puzzled,” I said quite frank- |
jly. “Won't you tell me about it, now
that it is all over?" |

“Yos,” he answered reflectively. “You |
jare the kind that I was used to and,
|} will understand. And now that the|
Maine is buried and the men who were
killed are all buried too no harm can
come of it. It was in this way:

“I had been on duty at the palace for
'a long time. Kvery one knew me and
[ was daily with Gov.-Gen. Blanco.
He used to send me on errands for him
all over Havana at any hour of the day
or night and often across the harbor.
| T knew all the soldiers in the forts and
the townspeople too, because I had been
{one of them for years. I married my
' wife there. She was a Cuban and she

 

is buried there with our child, The!
Governor-General trusted me more
than any one, because we were

‘born within a short distance of each
other and he had known my father
and brothers at home in Spain.

| “The rebellion had been going on for
|a long time. Things were not happening
at all as we wanted them. The rebels
kept getting arms and ammunition from
|} your country and information from In- |
| side the city about our plans. The Gov-
ernor-General was afraid of spies. He
even distrusted the guard at the palace |
sometimes. Consul-General Lee and

| your agents reported everything to your |
|Government. And worse than that, all |
, Your newspaper men who came down sent
hom? stories that made us appear cruel, |
| barbarously cruel. We were not. We

| were set a task to do by our Govern-

| ment and were doing !t. That was all. |
| We were doing it as fast as possible. |
But you made it hard for us. You |
threatened to make it impossible. When

your newspapers came to the palace.
and we got our despatches from our |
agents in your country Gov.-Gen.

  
 

PAVAINE SAN.

 

Blanco would be very angry. I have
often heard him talk to his staff about
it. And the Colonels who arrived from |
the country would come !n and he would
tell them the latest rumor and they
would go out and cross the plaza,
swearing sometimes until they had
passed the church with the old tree and
even beyond.

“The Governor-General used to say
that your Government let us alone,
but your people did not. They were
all against us, all on account of our
sugar and tobacco, and that your Gov-
ernment ought to restrain them; but
it elther did not or could not. Every
one, except the plotting rebels, hated |
all of you; and Consul-General Lee and |
the rest of your people who were in
Havana did not have a pleasant time,
although we were polite to them. And
then, that winter, at last came the news
that your Consul-General had sent for
a War vessel to anchor in our harbor.
Gov.-Gen. Blanco did not seem to be
angry. He was very grave. I was
there in the room when he read the
despatch to the chief of artillery. He
was very angry and talked a great deal;
but the Governor-General sat very quiet ;
and thought. He seemed to be think-
ing while he was busy in his office
that afternoon and was unusually quiet
while he dressed for dinner and in the
evening, although there were many offi-
cers at dinner and inilitary men and
civillans came and went all the eve-
ning and far Into the night.

this or that within an hour I will open
fire on the palace and the forts, My
guns are loaded and ready.’

“*That is what he will say; sald the
Governor-General. ‘That is why he is
sent down here. And their fleet is wait-
ing just across at Key West. Our pal-
ace will be destroyed, our forts shot
into from the rear. There will be flames
and disorder, The rebels will jump out
of every house and the city will be un-

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 24,

‘

note ashore to write him an answer say-
ing that I have a mine beneath the
ship, and at the flash of his first gun
(which will be a declaration of war)
the key will be pressed that will, be-
yond question, sink his ship; that his
request !s refused. He can have no op-
portunity of knowing whether what I
say is true or not. He will have no
chance to investigate. He will not dare
fire a gun, because he knows it would
be open war and I would have the right
to destroy the Maine before the smoke
had drifted across the harbor. If he
does: not try to bully us the Maine will
come and go in safety and the mine
can be removed. No one but ourselves
will ever know that it had been there.
But if he does dictate to us we will
have the only possible means of check-

 

Sun.

1912.—copyrioht, 1912, by the Sun Printing and Publiching Association.
— — — LT

——

 

 

‘HOW THE MAINE WAS BLOWN UP AND BY WHOM

 

 

 

FOURTH SECTION.

 

 

 

lights In range. I was not on the
lighter, but I knew all about it that
same night. And the wires were taken
to a point on the city side of the harbor
to.a house from a window of which you
could see a signal from the palace. That
was done so that if the wires were picked
up accidentally they would not lead to
any Government building. It was a wise
precaution, but it was a mistake, as we |
all knew afterward. The wires were in
a cable. I saw it myself,* because my
brother-in-law lived in the’ house. That
was another mistake, because he turned
out to be in leagué with the rebels. The
box sat on a table near a window that

Governor-General

sleeping mine was down in the mud below
her. Capt. Sigshee was accorded every
formality and, courtesy. He and his
officers came, and went freely every day.
But the crew never came on shore: in
that the Captuin was wise. It was much
better so. It was in the latter part of
looked on the water. My brother-in-law | January that the ship arrived, and for
was not wicked; but only weak. He/nearly th weeks she swung at her
believed what the schemers told him. | mooring, and things went on in Havana
He is dead too. much as before, except that the crowd

 

   
 
 

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
 
    
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
   
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
  

ANCHORED

VIEWS OF THE FINA}. PLUNGE OF THE MAINE.

 

 

mating him. He cannot land an armed
force to back his demands; we are too
strong for him. Nor, if he fires, can
we reply with the guns from the
fortress, because we would shoot into
the city.’

“Of course every one saw the reason
of the Governor-General's plan, It was
absolutely safe if nothing unpleasant
should happen and completely effective
if anything did, and so the details were

—_————$—

“It was a splendid plan, that of the| at the landing through which Capt. Sigs-
Governor-General. You yourself will| bee had to push his way every day got
admit that, sir. You know my people. | denser and their looks got blacker. The
You ‘understand that our honor protected | anger of our people increased at the ar-
the ship. If the Captain should insult | rogance of your Government in sending
us by dictating to us the Governor- | the ship.
| General could silence him. If the Captain| “As For the rebels, they glowered at
persisted and carried out his threat he | the Captain because he did nothing.
must make an instant decision between | They believed that when the Maine was
surrendering to a nation against which | sent she was coming to help them. But
he himself had begun hostilities or|we went right on with our work—con-

CUSTOM NOUSE

\wnenc THe a ¥
£ =. MANTA CATAL
MAINE WAS meWouse.*

_ HAVANA HARBOR.
SHOWING THE MAINE SX
ANCHORAGE.

“The next morning he had a larger
meeting of officers than usual, and
after they had gone he took his staff
into an inner room and told them his
plan. I overheard it. I know what I
am talking about, and every word is
true. He said that an American ship
of war would be in the harbor in a few
days, that your nation and ours were
at peace and that she must be treated |

But they do not know whether with every courtesy and every one ac: |

tenable. And it is I who will be blamed,
although I cannot stop the ship from
coming.’

“The staff were worrled and made a
score of sugestions; but when one pro-
posed a plan another showed how im-
possible it was of execution.

“"There is only one way,’ said Gov-

ernor-General Blanco, ‘I have thought | ally tipped overhoard near the mooring
| picked out for the ship. They knew
ready when the Captain sends such alte exact place when they got certain

of all these other things. I must be

accepting the fate that war sanctions | centrating them, conquering them, put-
at any time after it is declared. Our|ting down the rebellion,, COnARINg Gite
honor was secure in either event, But | pects, executing traitors. An e Maine
rol Pop Agioctrey Br pig Teorey the rebels—they did not understand the | had been in the harbor for days, and no
was used, It was prepared in the/ wordl : other ships came, no men were landed,
fortress and. was taken out on a light Then the Maine came. I never shalj| nothing was done, The rebels felt sure
: en out on @ Mgnter | forget how brave she looked with your|that the crew were all republicans and

at night, ostensibly to be placed outside | gag standing. out stiffly in the northeast

"| | would help a republic if the Captain would
the harbor'’s mouth, but was Intention- | trade winds and the sun geaming on her \enly let them come ashore, They be-

|; steel and brass eas she steamed slowly | lieved that your country would lend ita
| whi the harbor and picked up the mooring | whole strength to help their losing cause

carried out. I was sent on many con-
fidential errands, but only the most

 

'

\

which was reserved for her, And the | it only your people could be aroused. | buried. ‘The story ia

Defensive Measure Taken by the Spanish

and Use the

Cuban Insurgents Made of It.

 

They were near to a complete eurrender
when the Maine came, and every day it
was harder for them to hold out. They
could not last much longer. Yet your
people seemed contented to send only
the Maine, which did nothing. And #0
they made a plot which was to result in
arousing your people to fight us.

“Unluckily my poor brother-in-law was
carried away by patriotic feeling at one
of their meetings. He lost his sense.
Even more, sir. He broke his word and
lost his honor. He—God forgive him—
told them of the mine and of the box in
his house and how no use of it was to be
made unless the Captain fired a gun. I
had been compelled to explain it all to
him when I brought the men with the box,
because he was so frightened. And he
had sworn by the memory of his sister,
my dead wife, that he would never tell.
But so it all was. The schemers saw the
one chance they were looking for. When
the Maine was swinging away from the
mine and was quite clear of it they would
press the key.

*The mine would be exploded and
useless. The Governor-General could not
plant another under the Captain's eyes.
The watch was too sharp for that. The
Captain could write notes to thaGovernor-
General without fear and compe! him to
do his bidding. The Governor-General
would be powerless. Everything would
happen as he had feared before he made
the plan. And there was yet another
advantage to the rebels. It would seem
to your people as if an attempt had been
made to destroy the Maine while she was
in the care of our Government and our
honor was responsible for her safety.
Her clean sides and decks would be
spattered with the filthy mud of the
harbor. She would be defiled and you
would all be very angry and rush to help
the rebels. No one could know that the
mine would explode the magazines.

“The schemers did not mean to hurt a
single hair of the head of one of your
men. My brother-in-law told m9» this
as he was dying. I knowitistrue. ‘Th>
schemers were without honor. They
were foolish, but they expected those very
men on the Maine to fight for their caus?
and they would never have done any-
thing to kill or even injure them. That ia
common sense. They needed them too
badly. They needed the guns of tho
Maine in the harbor, where they were, and

 

 
  

 
 

 
    

 

as long as the mine was there the Govern-
or-General could use it if the emergency
arose. But the calmness of the Captain
and the sluggishness of your people kept
the emergency from arising. And the
schemers plotted to make things move
faster.

*Their plot was carried out the very
game night. They thought they knew
just where the mine was and where the
Maine would be lying. The explosion
would be quite clear of her, but so near
as to look like an atteropt to destroy.
At any rate, the mine would be out of
the way. The Captain would be very
angry and the Governor-General without
a resource to check him. A boat crossed
the harbor after dark. It paused on the
ranges of lights that I had described
to my brother-in-law. Either he did not
give them correctly to the schemers or
else the Maine swung more than half her
length within an hour. There was an
awful mistake.

“You know the rest, sir. The worst
happened that could possibly befall in
the most unlucky hour. It was worse
for our honor and for the Governor-
General's reputation than if the Captain
had intimidated us. It was absolutely not
what the scheming rebels had planned.
It was the beginning of the end for my
brother-in-law, who had pressed the
key. He died miserably in arebel camp
in the mountains of the interior that
next summer, And he had expected to
live to be honored for what he had done
in the cause of liberty, Asfor me, [have
had troubles from that very night. ‘Thank
God the Captain and the good priest
on the Maine were not killed, too; but it
was horrible! I hate to think that it was!,
José, who carried the messages and
trusted my brother-in-law. But years
have gone, And now the ship, too, ia
told.” died