int tekend

ze

gS 3S

ee eet

Sa AE

SO

LONG

 

 

\ PHOTOGRAPHS TFROM_ UNDERWOOD _AND_UNDERWOOD .

 

RULE OF TER

GV. BUCK, WASHINGTO

|

Conditions That Resulted in the Murder of Judge’
Massie and Four Others in Carroll County's!
Court—For Fifty Years the Allens Had Been|
Doing as They Pleased in the Fancy Gap

Country—Enriched by Moonshining

Arusvitue, Va.,
were the conditions that made possible

the murders in the Carroll County Court? |

That is the question that has been asked
by everybody who has visited this little
town since the crime of last week. Even
this primitive mountain community has
turned its inward eye upon itself and has
tried honestly to help otaers to find a
satisfactory answer to that question.

The germ of the conditions which made
possible the snuffing out of five lives,
the murdering of a judge on the bench,
of a commonwealth attorney, a sheriff,
a juror and a witness, seems to be dis-
cernible in the record of events of fifty
years or more ago. To understand the
Allens and the life they lived it is neces-
sary to go back to Jerry Allen, their father,
and his relations with his fellow moun-
taineers in Carro!| county.

Carroll county fifty years ago, like
every other mountain county, had its
bully, the man who had made and main-
tained a reputation for licking anything
and anybody th@t stood on two feet.
Back in those days mountaineers recog
nized, as they still do in many sections,
the réght of every man to settle his per-
sonal differences with another regard-
less of the law. But then a trial of phys-
ical strength, especially a knockdown
fight with bare fists, was the test. Every
mountain district and every county had
ita bully, the fellow who had won with
his fists and who would take no taunt
from any living man.

Well, Jerry Allen, the father of the five
Allen boys, was the bully of Carroll county.
Endowed with great strenth and courage
and superior in mentality to most of the
mountaineers, he established a record
as a fist fighter that made him the idol
of the Fancy ‘Gap country. Anybody
who has seen anything of the mountain
country in the South knows that the men
there idolize the fellow who excels.

Go to the county fair and you will
find the mountaineers crowded about
the lung testing machine or the tall red
indicator that records the force of a
full arm punch. It makes no partioular
difference what the test is. It may be
one of marksmanship, physical strength
or some other form of personal prowess.
The man who is on top is king, the fellow
who can boast, as does one mountaineer
of a neighboring county, that he licked
seven policemen and killed and dressed
ten hogs in one day, is exalted above his
kind.

Jerry Allen was @ man who commanded
this sort of admiration, a man who was
ready to fight on a moment's notice, who
boldly asserted his title to the champion-
ship of the Fancy Gap country and who
insisted on backing his words with his
fista whenever they were questioned by
any one,

Yet Jerry Allen was known among his
fellow men as a good citizen. He served
through the civil war in the Confederate
army and was a first class soldier. He
had a family of five boys and two girls
and he made a good living on his moun-
tain farm back ip Hillsville.

Tt was in such an atmosphere that Floyd
and Sid Allen, the leaders in the Carroll
county court murders, and their brothers
Jack, Vic and Garland, were brought up.
From the time they were able to under-
stand anything they were impressed with
the fact of the leadership of their father
and the supremacy of the Allen family
in the Fancy Gap country.

The boys inherited the physical strength
and courage of the elder Allen. They had
a better education and training than most
ef the boys around them and gradually
Floyd, Sid, Jack and Vio began to assert
their leadership ae the father grew older.

March 23.—-What | But there was this difference between |

the old man's way and that followed |
by the boys. The father believed in a fair |
trial of strength between man and man.

He relied on his fists in the days when

such encounters were cdhsidered fair and

honorable. He was what some folks up

in the mountains call a “manly bully.”

Sid and Floyd and one or two of the other |
Allen boys who have led the Carroll county }
gang in recent years were willing to use|
their bare fists if they had to, but early they |
showed a preference for the rifle and the
revolver. They were bullies of a different |
type. Instead of proving their worth |
in a test of strength or endurance they |
ruled theF ancy Gap country by spreading
terror among their fellow mountaineers. |
They had been brought up under the im- |
pression that their father's word was
law in Fahcy Gap. and when they suc: |
ceeded to him it apparently never occurred |
to them that they could not do exactly as
they pleased.

For years the law abiding element in |
the mountains of Carroll county sub- |
mitted to this rough domination of the |
Allens. They submitted because they
were terror stricken. Even the officials
of the State of Virginia have been as-'
tounded at the stories of the lawless!
doings of the Allens that have come to
light since the shooting up of the court
house.

For instance, when a farmer from Galax
accidentally ran the tongue of his wagon
againat the endboard of Floyd Allen's rig |
the old man refuged to accept an apology
and threatened to blow the farmer's |
brains out. Remonstrances from other
mountaineers against this attack upon a
defenseless man were met by a gun pointed
in their direction and a sharp command
for them to mind their own business.

Floyd Allen for years had ridden rough-
shod over the local officers of the law with
impunity. When an officer once arrested
him, he submitted because he was out of
his own country, but he bided his time,
When later he caught the officer alone,
he pulled him from his wagon, beat him
into insensibility, lifted the limp form
back into the rig, and whipping the horse
let it go on @ gallop and unguided over
the dangerous mountain road.

Floyd always had a threat of death on
tap for any one who attempted to inter-
fere with his personal liberty or his pri-
vane anaes. never entered Hills-

je or any oO! town without carrying
a revolver, and often a rifle.

Sid, Jack and Vio Allen were just as in-
tolerant and overbearing. But Jack and
Vio have been more subdued in recent
years. Floyd and Sid were the only Allens
of the older generation who have been
definitely connected with the murders,
although many suspect that Jack remained
out of the shooting so that he could care
for the property interests of the Allens
and the members of the family who had
been left behind. By many of the moun-
taineers Jack is considered the craftieat
and most dangerous AlleH of the lot,
and alarm has been expresssed by the
State authorities lest he should join the
outlaw forces.

Not only have the Allens for a quarter |
of a century tyrannized over and terror- |
ized the law officers of the loca! govern- |
ment, but they have frightened the Federal) |
Government's Internal Revenue deputies. |
The latter are trained to meet the moon-.
shiner on his own ground and are fearleas
men. Yet they have hesitated to molest
the Allens. One of them on one oocasion
went so far as to stop Jack Allen's wagon,
which was loaded with moonshine.

“I have got a search warrant here for
you,” said the deputy.

“What's that?” asked Jack with feigned
LBROTUDOR. 4 sid eed erie.

 

 

 

 

 

4

 

’ THE SUN, 8 (7 NDAY, MARCH

[RP yp 7 a A
CX oe 2 C2
Pte Stas

Ry Ee fis

   

’

  

“Why, that’s a paper that entitles me to

search your wagon,” said the deputy.

“Let's eee it,” said Jack, and the deputy
handed it over.

“Well,” drawled the mountaineer after
studying it for several seconds, “I see
this heah paper entitles you to go into
the wagon, but it don’t say nothin’ about
your coming out.”

As Jack dropped this careless comment
he fondled a six shooter. The deputy wished
him good afternoon and proceeded on his
way.

Everybody who has visited this little
mountain community, as well as the people
who live here, realizes that the boast of the
Allen family that no member of it would
ever go to jail was more immediately
responsible for the shota fired in the
court house than any other single factor.
There is a good deal of doubt, however,
whether the Allens resorted to the cow-
ardly murders merely as a means of main-
taining a family tradition and satisfying
family pride.

To those who understand the moun-
taineer it is plain that the prestige of the
Allens in the Fancy Gap country was based
largely on the admiration that had been
aroused among the lawleas element over
the Allens’ ability to make good their
boast. The moment an Allen was landed
behind the prison bars the magio in this
boast would have passed and the moun-
taineers would have come to regard the
Allens as other men of common clay,
amenable to the laws and the officers
of the county and State.

It was this threatened destruction of
the power of the Allens over the Fancy
Gap region and the certainty that a jail
sentence imposed upon one of thelr num-
ber would lead to a cleaning up of the
entire moonshine district that in the
opinion of many Virginians led to the
tragedy in the Carroll county court.
The control of the Allens over their little
district was aa teal and relatively as
important to them as the continued
grip of a royal ruler upon his principality,
and they were ready to resort to desperate
methods to maintain what they had come
to regard as their right.

But whether it was mere family pride

or & more eelfish motive that prompted |

the murders, there is plenty of evidence
that this family boast of the Allens has
played an important part in the history
of the clan, It was this boast that led
old Floyd Allen, now broken in spirit

in the Roanoke jail, to spend hundreds |

of dollars to avoid serving a sentence
of one hour in a Carroll county cell. This
incident ocurred several years ago
when Judge Jackson of Roanoke was
sitting in the Carroll county circuit.
Floyd Allen had been convicted of a
minor asexult upon a man. His con-
viction had taken place in the very court
room that was shot up last week when
@ similar verdict was returned against

*

©) DIRDMERRIAN, NCOTCKLAND, VICTOR ALLEN. @

([ROADLEADING TO: SIDNA ALLEN HOME. WITH HOME IN
( “DISTANCE! S IDNA ALLEN 15 THE ONE ‘THE (JUDGE SAID
* "SHOT‘HIM “JUST“BEFORE. HE DIED:

the old man on a somewhat similar charge
The jury on the previous occasion recom-
mended that Floyd Allen be fined $100 and
sentenced to serve one hour in jail. The

 

jury brought in ite verdict after a good |

dea! of perturbation, because there were

threats at that time that the Allens!

would shoot their way out of court before
any of them would go to jail.

Stories have been told here that Floyd
on that occasion backed out of the court
house with drawn revolver, but Judge
Jackson emphatically denies these stories.
Floyd Allen's lawyers on that occasion
moved for a new trial and Judge Jackson
denied the motion. Then Floyd's lawyers
appealed from the decision, and pending
the appeal Floyd remained at liberty.
under bond.

Before the case came up on appeal
Floyd and his lawyers had carried it to
the Governor of Virginia. It was repre-
sented to the Governor that the jurors,
when they recommended the jail sentence
of one hour were under the misappre-
hension that e jail sentence was mandatory
under their verdict of guilty. This was
not the cage and the Governor annulled
so much of the sentence as imposed a
jail term.

Thies stubborn fight of old Floyd Allen
against serving even one hour in the
county jail indicates as impressively
as anything the determination of the
family never to see one of their number
behind the bars. It was this determina-
tion that led old Floyd, after he had
been crippled by two bullets and arrested,
to try to end his life by hacking his throat
with a jackknife before he had long been

| lodged in the county jail.

It was this determination also that led
Sid Allen to send word to the detectives
who were hunting him through the moun-
tains that he would put a bullet through
his own head before he would submit
to capture. It was in fact this family
boast of the Allens that started the court
case that ended in the death of five per-

—

2, 1912.

 

    

° Y

—

  
 

| eS
|e

ef the arrest and jumping on his mare
started across country to meet the deputy
sheriff.

When he saw his nephews in irons his
rage was 6o great that he could not re-
strain himself. He pulled the deputy
sheriff from his wagon, beat him on the
| head with the butt of a pistol and set the
boys free. Later the boys were con-
' victed by Judge Massie, who had started
}in with a determination to improve con-
ditions in Carroll county. Judge Massie
insisted also that in the interest of justice
Floyd Allen must be prosecuted for the
assault upon the deputy sheriff. It was
the conviction of the old man on this
charge that drew the fire from his own
revolver and those of his kinsmen in the
Carroll county court room.

The Allens had been in other tight places
in court prosecutions, and at least on
one occasion it is suspected that Sid
escaped by an arrangement under which
a friend assumed all guilt and agreed to
serve a term in jail. This is an old game
yof the Southern moonshiner.. When
several of them are likely to be convicted
one consents to assume all the guilt and
“do the bit” while the others go free and
join in paying him wages during his time
in jail.

Sid only a few months ago dropped
over the mountain into Winston-Salem,
N. C., with a fellow mountaineer from
the Fancy Gap country. They had some
new $20 gold pieces. They passed one
or two of them all right, but had trouble
when they gave one to a negro hack
driver and volunteered to take $2.50
as their change. They said they would
be back later for the balance. This negro,
suspicious of such unbounded faith in
his honesty, drove as fast as he could
to the police station, where it was found
that the gold piece was a poor c ountor-
feit.

At the trial Sid's mountaineer friend
assumed the entire guilt and was sen-
tenced to a term in jail. On the occasion
of that trial the Allens threatened to shoot

 

THE OUTLAWS...
Ocev. BUUIK, WASHINGTON D.C.

the law and the duties of a Judge that

a

———

ROR OF THE VIRGINIA OUTLAW

realized he was daily taking his life in
his hands in dealing with the lawless
element in the Fancy Gap region. It was
Judge Jackson who really first under-
took to curb the moonshiners in the
Fancy Gap country. He persuaded an
| old Dunkard clergyman to testify against
lone of the owners of an illicit still, and
‘that night the old clergyman was called
from his house and shot to death. Thirty-
(six slugs were found in his body.

| Judge Jackson was warned that his
| life would probably be taken when he
{sentenced Floyd Allen to one hour in
| jail, but on that occasion he took the
| precuation to station armed guards in
|the court room. The failure of Judge
Massie to do this when he attempted to
sentence Floyd Allen is the one cause
jof criticism made against him, This
| criticlem, however, is softened by the
statement that such precaution was 50
repugnant to Judge Massie’s conception

he would not tolerate it. It is said that
he did not even know that Dexter Goad,
the clerk of the court, had taken his
place at the desk on that tragic Thursday

with a revolver and an extra supply of |

ammunition in his pockets.

There is no doubt that Judge Massie
realized that he was exposing himself
when he ascended the bench that day.

He had been warned that an attempt |
might be made on the part of the Allens |

to prevent the imprisonment of old vere.
Judge Massie may, however, have felt
some assurance that the proceedings
would be orderly because of word which
had come to him from Floyd Allen's
lawyer, who had expressed the opinion
that Floyd would submit if convicted.

The Allens in their rule over the Fancy
Gap country became wealthy as wealth
among the Southern mountaineers goes.
This wealth added to the grip that the
Allen clan had upon the Fancy Gap region,
They lent money to their friends, helped
fellow lawbreaicers out of trouble and ary
sup to have furnished the financial
backing for moonshining ventures.

The disposition of the Allens to stand
by the Virginia mountaineers as against
the officers of the law, even when these

men were outside the Allen clan, explains
the loyalty that is being shown the Allens
even now by some members of the lawlees

element in the mountains. It is sup-

sed that the Allens in their trips
rom one mountain stronghold to another
have been befriended and aided by some
of their old followers in the bush.

The Allens are estimated each to be
worth from $10,000 to $20,000. Floyd
Allen, the eldest of the brothers, lives
six miles west of Hillsville, in a beautiful
part of the country near the foot of the
mountains and close to the entrance of
the defile known as ‘Vancy Gap. His
brother Sid lives near the top of the moun-
tain on a fertile plateau. Jack Allen
livea on the other side of the mountain
near the western end of the gap,and other
members of the family are scattered
through the county.

While the homes of all the Allens are
comfortable and muoh better than that
of the average mountaineer, Sid Allen's
house would do credit to many a thrifty
New York State town. It is a substantial
three story structure with concrete foun-
dation and all modern improvements,
j including bath rooms, acetylene gas

eons and the wounding of several others. (their way out of the court room in the! plant and hardwood foore. the

The origina! cause of the trouble was) event of Sid bein

trivial enough. The two Edwards boys,
Sidney and Wesley, nephews of Floyd,
\ had been arrested for disturbing a church
meeting. Curiously this meeting was
presided over by their unole, the Rev.
Garland Allen, a brother of Sid and Floyd,
who is a Primitive Baptist clergyman
and ministers to the religious needs of
the mountaineers in the Fanoy Gap
region, The boys were accused of kicking
up a rumpus in their uncle's church and
finally pulling him out of the pulpit.
They were quoted as excusing their con-
duct on the ground that he was “too mean
to -
Several members of the congregation
grew wrathy over this incident and
decided to have the law on the Edwards
boys. Deputy Sheriff Samuels went
overtotakethem. Old Floyd Allen heard

@ sent up. Sid was
| convicted of perjury in this case, but
| got a new trial, and the case is pending
| now in the North Carolina court.

| Conditions have been such in Carroll
} county under the reign of terror inspired
| by the Allens that many men have re-
{fused to run for office. They realize
; that the administration of justice meant
| danger of death every time one of the
| Allens or of their numerous kith and kin
| wes involved, Deputy Sheriff Samuels,
, Who was knooked down by Floyd Allen

because he had arrested the two Edwards

boys, left the county soon after the in-
cident. Hereturned to testify against Floyd
, Allen, but knew that he wes marked for
| death if he ever gave his enemies a chance.

Judge Jackson, who sat in the Carroll
county circuit just before Judge Massie,
resigned, and it has been said that he

detectives raided the place in search of
Sid they found a piano in one of the rooms
and several new rugs ready tobe spread
upon the floor,

It had been suspected that Floyd and
{Sid Allen had made moonshine whiskey,
i but nobody ever got up nerve enough to
| accuse them of it, It was thought that
| they were too clever actually to manu-
ifacture the “white lightning,” and that

they contented themselves merely with
supplying the funds for others to operate
the stills,

When the detectives raided Floyd

Allen's house, however, they found’ a} fact that twenty-five or thirty corre-,

still and ninety gallons of moonshine |
whiskey. Two other stills were found
at the home of the Edwards boys, Floyd's

; nephews.
{ Jaturally enough, the Allens had a
finger in the politics of Carroll county, and
jsome folks believe that political animosi-
‘ties helped to bring on the traged
| court house lust week. NSevera'!
ago a 6on of Jack Allen was a ca

years
ate

fer Commonwealth Attorney, This son

 

h!

in the |

   
    
       

 

    
 
   
   
      
 
   

  

 

 

jhad been sent to Washington and Le”
University, and all the Allens were proud
{when he was graduated with his law
‘degree. The family looked to him to
| win it new prominence and power. The
candidate against this young Allen was
W.-M. Foster, the Commonwealth Attorney
who was shot to death in the court room
‘last week. Soon after his defeat this
+60n met his death by drowning. Be:

‘These were in general the conditions
that existed when on ‘thursday morning.
March 14, at § o'clock, the tinkling of the

‘little. bell of the Carroll county cour!
house announced the convening of the
day's session in which old Floyd Alley
was to be sentenced for having assaulted
the deputy sheriff. The details of wha
occurred in the little court room hav.
already been printed.

The news of what had happened was
immediately telephoned to the Governo:
of
the isolated little town with the assuranc:
that law and order would be reestal)
lished. Under the leadership of M:

| Landreth, who was appointed Common
wealth Attorney to succeed Foster, «
rip ianee committee was organized
All available shotguns, rifles and muske:-
in the town were collected

A large force of Baldwin-Felis 4:

tectives, all of them trained mountaineer

were despatched from Roanoke. The ra:

road station nearest Hilleville was abo.
| sixteen miles away and the detective for:
| through one of the blackest nights imagiii-
able and over roads hub (eer with mud,
|made their way to the little mountain
|town. All sorts of vehicles were pressed
into service by neighboring communitics
to carry the detectives to the scene of the
;shooting. It was daybreak before the
; mud stained party tramped up the incline
jinto Hillsville and brought a feeling of
| security to the terror stricken people
| of the community.

| The first job the detectives did on their
| arrival was to arrest Floyd Allen, his
son Victor and Campbell Strickland
Floyd Allen and his son offered no resist-
anoe, but Floyd a little later made the

unsuccessful attempt to cut his throat °

with a pocket knife.
| Since then this tiny settlement has
| been the base of operations for the hun-
| dred or more detectives and the party of
| deputy sheriffs that have been scouring
the mountain country in search of Sid
Allen and his band of outlaws. The men
who have been conducting this hunt
are all trained mountaineers. ‘The Bald-
| win-Felts detectives are to the mountain
districts of Pennsylvania and the Southern
States what the Pinkerton and the Burns
men are to other parts of the country.
The Allens, however, know every trail
and bypath of the mountains and have
a@ wilderness 100 miles long and from
ten to thirty miles wide in which to roam
The man who sat down at breakfast
and read the details of the Carroll county
court house murders and the man hii!
that followed will never realize the diff
culties under which the facta were
gathered and laid before him. Exper'-
en newspaper workers declare that the
Hillsville murder story was the hardest

to “cover” they ever kled.
{n the first place, the little mountain
town was ost inaccessible owing to

the condition of on roads . The wrens
° wagon plou ro mu

to the hubs a large part nf ihe way ar

often it was necessary jfor the fcorr-
spondents to climb out and plod throug"!
‘the bogs on foot. Co uently most. 0!
them when they reached: Hillaville look!
ee they just been taking a mud

But once upon the ground at Hillsville,
the correspondents’ difficulties wer
only beginning. The only way of gettins
news out of this mountain town is by tele-
phone, and the telephone lines instead of

eing under one system are loval institu-
tions, running from town to town an:
owned by different persons. In dictats
ja story from Hillsville to some of th
Points accessible to the telegraph wit’.
| t became poceseary to have one of 1!
central girls repeat it, and when the
despatch finally did hit the place wher»
| there was a wire, there were other difli-
| culties aplenty. '

These later difficulties grew out of the

spondents were trying to send two °

ree thousand words each over {wo
telegraph wires which worked occasions!!\
and w maximum capacity under ides!
conditions was equal to about a quarter
of the demand upon them, = The lit!
town over night was turned into a wi
camp with its corps of war correspondeni*
snapshot artists and moving picture me!,
| who had all ot here inside of twent tom
or thirty-six goodness knows

Virginia at Richmond, and he cheered +