“ «,egesis which set in here some years

 

Mayor Gaynor Tells of the Law's De-

 

lays, Points Out the Causes
and Suggests Remedies

Is there a tendency nowadays to
tavor the criminal at the expense of
wciety? 1s undue leniency shown
to law breakers? Would the in-
fiction of severer penalties lessen
the amount of crime?

Such questions are discussed in
Jurope as well as in the United

lute SUN presents here
- opinions of men qualified to
‘of the administration of the

inal law.

Frocedure Should Be
Changed. —Mayor Gaynor.

ong experience as a law-

fodee, and irom his study

problems, Mayor Gaynor speaks

lle has given THe Sun

on the law's delays

dministration of justice. In

of ‘questions sub-

said:

often

erin

rview
i series
muerte him he

\"¢ had

said while a

‘lee aud since what L said the other

e dinner of the Efficlency
Many lawyers and some Judges
same views, namely,

judees in this country have
together too far in expanding
A nstitutional provisions to en-
m to declare acts of the Legis-
jature unconstitutional and votd. Some

reports of my speech are mere

' of what IL said. They are
esurely misleading.

fundamental provision, which

j be found in all of our constitu.

: f severnment ia this country,

» one shall be deprived of his

iberty or property without due

ess of law,’ or ‘except by the law

the land,’ as it Is sometimes ex-

essed not new with us. It is

ir Some people think that

there is no such fundamental provis-

) brance, Germany and the other
‘ of Continental Europe. We
know that there are such provisions

ingland, because we took ours bod-
i, from England. The difference

this In England and the rest

(urope the fundamental provision

no one shall be deprived

s liberty or property without due

cess of law has always been under-
‘ood to mean only the actual, direct,
hysical taking of property, or actual
aysical imprisonment; whereas in this
intry the thing has been expanded
b, degrees by a method of constitutional

ne

is

imide,

ons

}
1

ago to mean all indirect ways of affect-
ing property or Hberty.

“We now have a lot of decisions that
1) is constitutional provision may be vio-
luted in a variety of indirect ways. They
old that this word ‘property’ means
« Man's or a woman's right to work in
“2 night or the day or as long as he

" she kes; that it means that a man
inay use his tenement to manufacture
t: bacco or anything else; that his prop-
e:ty might be less valuable if he were
not allowed to make that use of it;
that his ‘property,’ namely, his lease-
hold, would thereby be lessened in value;
and go on with other things. They
hold that the word ‘liberty’ as used

this constitutional provision means
the Mberty to work, where you like,
«nd as long as you like, whether you
be man or woman, and deny that any
tealth law can be passed on the sub-
ject; and that it also means ‘liberty’
tv use your tenement or bakery as you
Lke; and so on.

‘As I have said, at the beginning of
this country nobody ever dreamed of
such a meaning being given to this
provision. It had no such meaning In
England, whence we took it, nor has any
one to this hour ever dreamed of giv-
ing it any such meaning there. It
has no such meaning anywhere else in
the world. There has always been a
large number in this country who were
opposed to giving it any such elastic
meaning. Jefferson was opposed to it.
The number of people who are opposed
to it is growing to-day very rapidly.

“It was held in this State by the
Court of Appeals last year that it had
& meaning which enabled that court to
declare the Employers’ Liability act un-
constitutional and void, on the ground
that {t purported to take the employ-
ers property without due process of law.
A good many people were astonished by

that decision.e Thirty-two different
governments of the world have an em-
bioyers’ liability act. Even Russia has
& model one. Three years ago England
perfected her crude act by remodelling

n

the Russian act. In a word, the
lability act is all over the
pt here.

i as we try to pass even a)

ers’ HMability act, our courts
unconstitutional and void.
away behind in that and similar
Wing to court decisions. Our
re willing to step forward
al and economic progress
. but our courts stand in
this forced construction of
n which formerly had no such
and which has been given no
hing or construction anywhere
} except here,

tute in this State forbidding
‘\facture of cigars and tobacco
nt houses was declared void,
it interfered with the property
\ of the leaseholder to do what
‘in his tenement, That the
of tobacco in such places
‘clesome was set aside, In the

 

World

ture

erles wholesome, and to re-

* hours that a man could work

' and unsanitary places to

‘t aside, Nothing 1s more

han that care should be taken

hat our bread Is clean and not
nated with disease,

“ame way the statute tnat

iid not work in factories

‘at night and 6 in the morning

ide The court would not

4 woman's, sacred Iiberty to

i night or all night should be

’ from her. That her health

calth of her offspring might

' did not Impress them. In the

(he acts requiring the pre-

© of wages to be paid by con-

ine State and municipal

lating the length of the

 

day's work were set aside, But in 1905
the people by a constitutional amend-
ment set aside these decixions, They
were ‘recalled,’ to use a word which has
| become famfiiar.

| “Some courts are already beginning
j to recede from these extreme decisions,

SMA

  

|
'

|

PHOTO BY PAUL THOM

T

’

 

notably the Subreme Court of the
United States. We are obliged by our

tate Constitution to have a revision of
our Constitution every twenty years.
The next revision comes in 1914, I think.
You will find that these judicial de-
cisions will be brought in question in
the constitutional convention.

“The United States Constitution ought
to be amended so as to require a con-
stitutional convention every ten or
twenty years. In that way it would he
easily amended. Lincoln said that a
political constitution should not outlast
a generation. He did not mean that
it ought to go by the board as a whole
at the end of that time. He only meant
that it should be revised from time to
time so as to keep up with the progress
of the world.

“The British Constitution !s always
changing and growing. No constitution
in the world:furnishes a better exam-
ple of gradual growth. Macaulay says
of it that ‘though it has been constantly
changing, there never was an instant of
time in which the major part of it was
not old.’ That is the way that a constl-
tution should grow.

“It is often said in judicial decisions
that the Constitution of Great Britain
is unwritten. Judge Werner says this
in his opinion in the employers’ lability
case. I would like to know what part
of the British Constitution is unwritten,
It Is made up chiefly of Magna Charta,
the habeas corpus act, the bill of rights,
the petition of right, and the act of set-
tlement. It is not all written out in one
continuous instrument, but it is written
all the same.

“But I fear I am digressing too far
from what you want of me. Yes, I am
very certain that these reactionary and
obstructive decisions are promoting the
growth of socialism very rapidly in this
country. If we do not come forward
and remedy these things they will be
remedied over our heads. That I feel
certain of. I am myself a conservative,
but I believe in progress. The history
of the world is of progress. Conditions
change and we must change with them.
That is a matter of wise statesmansh{p,

“Yes, I think it would be well that a
}verdict could be given by a_ three-
| fourths or a two-thirds majority of a
jury. I sat as a trial Judge for twelve
years. During that time I had very few
disagreements of juries, I do not think
I had as many as three q year. But

the evil that 1 saw was that an obsti-

nate minority of one or two or three
| very often compelled the jury to render
ja verdict which was not just; it was
‘too large or too small or went to the
| wrong side,

“Yes, the criminal procedure should
| be changed, President Taft has repeat-
edly called attention to this, and I think
ithe matter js growing in the public
| ning. You ask m@ about the rule in
| the criminal courts that a person has to

be ‘presumed innocent until proved
guilty.” Yes, the lawyers and Jydges

 

ring the changes on this to the jury
and it very often results in lett) a
| aatiaee man off. You ask me whether
{it could be done away with.

“I might say to you that on the con-
tinent of Europe there is no such rule,
In the court of France, for instance,
‘which has the finest system in the

subject.
nocent or guilty. They simply say that
;tRey know nothing about it and will sit
down and hear the evidence and see
whether the Government can prove the
accused guilty. They do not bother
their heads with any presumption,

“Same people in this country have
the extraordinary notion that In France
and other European countries the ac-

cused has to prove himself innocent
in order to get off. Of course every
intelligent person knows that this
fs nonsense. The rule is that the Gov-
ernment, or prosecution, has to prove
that the accused is guilty.

“Should not the jury

the accused if he fails to testify?

   
 

 

! All over the continent of Europe such
ou Inference is permissible. It works
well there, If the accused will not
take the stand afid explain a thing
Which is within his knowledge, and
explainable if he be innocent, the Judge
and the jury are allowed to draw
the inference that he could not explain
| the matter.
{ “In England that was not permis-
| sible under the common law. They did
| not even allow accused persons to testi-
| fy at all, on the theory that they would
of course testify falsely. It was not
until about twenty years ago, I think,
‘that they passed a law in England per-

MAGES

?

FON AS

MAYOR GAYNOR OF NEIVN YOREC, FROM ARECENTYZPp
PICTURE TAHEN AT HIS DESH IN CIT LAL In,

 

mitting accused persons to testify in
their own behalf. That act provides
that if the accused does not testify no
mention shall be made of it by the court
or prosecuting counsel. It does not say,
however, as our statute in this State
does, that the jury shall not consider
the fact at all.

“What, you ask, would I say if I was
a juror and was told that I had to
presume the defendant innocent be-
fore any testimony was given? I pre-
sume I would remain silent. But all
the same I would say to myself, ‘Why.
I don’t know anything about it; I do
not presume he is either innocent or
guilty; I will just listen to the evidence
and see.’

“It Is an erroneous notion that In
France and on the continent of Europe
an accused person may be compelled
to testify. How could he be compelled?
‘They cannot put thumbscrews on him
er torture him to make him testify.
He has a perfect right to close his
mouth and say nothing. But the Judge
and jury have a right to take note
or that fact.

“There was a great outcry against
the French system of administering jus-
tice {in our newspapers during the Drey-
fus court-martial, Why, that was only
a court-martial. The taal was not in
the courts of France at all. Every time
Dreyfus got his case into the regular
courts he got justice, and they finally
set him entirely right. There is .no
finer administration of justice than in
France.

“Yes, the lawyers are to some extent
| responsible for delays in the courts, but

 

 

the responsibility, after all, is with the
Judges. Their calendars and rules are
not under the control of the lawyers at
all. I saw a complaint in the newspa-
pers of a Ju®tice of the Supreme Court
recently that he could not keep his
|} court and the other parts of the court
| employed, because the lawyers came in
| by collusion and answered, putting their
{cases off, and he said he was helpless
lto stop it. Why, If they would just
| make a rule that where that was done
|by lawyers the case should go to the
foot of the calendar they would very
quick stop answering their cases off,
unless the cases were settled, or were
cases that they never intended to try.
If the case was one that they had to

 

 

}not be reached for two or thrée years
again.

“The Judges are not helpless in this |

; matter at all,
The
which sat a few years ago brought out

They are in full control,
commission om the law's delay

|

| much interesting matter on this head.

| But péople seem to have forgotten it

| already, Among other things they
brought out the fact that there {s more
judicial business done in the courts of
London than in those of New York, and

| yet their judicial force is not one-half

| as large.

| “That speaks volumes. In London
j} they are right up to date with their
| litigation, No one has to wait more
;} than a month or so, It should be the
same here in New York. There is no
reason why It should not be the same
here,

“Now I think I have answered a)!

our statute to make under-| world, there is no presumption on the/ your questions, and see to it that What

| the stenographer.”

 

Head Says.
M. Lepine, long Prefect of Police in
Paris, recently made public protest
against the practice of turning loose

hardened criminals. THe Sun has ob-
tained the following presentation of his
views:

Paris, March 14.—The indignation of
M. Lepine, the Police Prefect, over the
murder of the policeman Garnier broke

THE SUN,

try they would not want to see it go to |
the foot of the calendar, where it might

False Sentimentality, French Police

SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1912. '

CRIME A PAYING TRAD

 

| against the false sentimentality which | terrorized and honest oftizens are to fre-
| Judges seemed to show in regard to hard- | Quent the streets with safety. His order

ened criminals and the parsimonious policy
which the Government followed in letting
| criminals loose in Paris in order to save
the expense of their keep.

“We arrest the criminals,” sald M.
Lepine, “and then instead of sending the
worst of them to Guiana, where they would

|

he out of the way and could no longer |

operate in France, the Magistrates under
the pretext that a hot climate is bad for
their health rarely prenounce the sentence
of deportation for life on hardened crim-
inals, Others are let out of prison too soon
‘antl swell the army of crime because it is

  
    
     
 
 
 
   
   
  
    
 
 
    
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
 

 

PATS ry

pr

El. SARAS OM NM.

 

necessary to econgmize in the penitentiary
budget.”

The Government replied to this accusa-
tion by announcing through M. Briand,
Minister of Justice, that additional credite
| would be asked to enable the Government
to keep certain classes of prisoners in
| prison for their full terms and to deport
others for perpetual exile in Guiana.
Prisoners of the latter class are those
|convicted of a series of crimes during
ten years and whose exile from France
is considered a means of preventing
future crimes by them. The number of
crimes necessary to justify deportation
varies between one and seven, according
| to their gravity.

An average of 380 men leave France
annually for Guiana from the famous
prison at Saint Martin-de-Re. The other
| prisoners sentenced to deportation who
under the pretext of illness are authorized
to remain in France after serving their
term in the home prisons enter the hos-
| pitals, where they occupy the places of
poor and honest citizens. Then when
; they have grown strong and well they
|return to Paris fortified in health and
| by past experience and form the most dan-
|gerous class of criminals the French
| police have to deal with.

Those who go to Guiana live in common
and after a ten years stay sometimes
;ask and obtain a pardon, that is tosay the
right to return afd live in France. Al-
'though M. Lepine always refuses the
| official police authorization permitting
;criminals sentenced to deportation to
return to Paris they get back to the capi-
tal and thirsting for vengeance take it
out on the police and every one who comes
in their way.

On the other hand, to keep a man in
Guiana costs the Government 38'4 francs
a day, transportation included, and the
,; expense would become if the deportation
law were strictly enforced an immense
|charge for the Government. Lepine
| declares that the welfare of the people
| who are daily assaulted and often mur-
| dered by, these criminals in Paris, to say

nothing of the policemen sacrificed, is
amply worth the money it would cost
| to exile for life all dangerous and often
| convicted crimina ls,

; The problem is one of the most serious
| with which the authorities are confronted,
|for a wave of mawkish sentiment has
for years been transforming prisons into
luxurious hotels and prisoners guilty of
| the most abominable crimes into “victims
| of societies” and “heroes” to be protected.
| Great scandal was created at New Year's
when it was found by perusing the annual
reports that the prisoners at Fresnes,
the celebrated penitentiary near Paris,
were better fed than the honest poor in the

They do not presume one !n-| 1 have said fs written out correctly by , hospitals or the helpless orphans in the

j asylums, better housed than the sons of
| the bourgeoise in the State colleges and
| better warmed than any other category
| of Government wards, while their superi-
|ority in the matter of food, lodging and
| comfort was marked in comparison with
soldiers in the army or the sailors in the
navy. .
| Still there are plenty of well intentioned
| people, many unfortunately among the
lawmakers in Parliament, who consider a
criminal an object of sympathetio interest,
to be protected and coddled instead of
punished.

Against this dangerous tendency of

and court | over the bounds of official etiquette the | modern society M. Lepine made over the
Le allowed to draw an inference against | other day, and facing the Government | dead body of one of his best policemen a
I | authorities at Garnier's funeral he said | courageous appeal for the severe punishe
dv not know what to say about that,| he felt himself justified in protesting | ment of crime if society is to remain un-

)
. ndeeran ~ >
ee ONG

to the police to puncture with their swords
the tires of automobiles fleeing after an
accident is the police prefect’s first move
in the direction of getting even with
criminal chauffeurs, and if put into prao-
tice the plan will do much toward promot-
ing the safety of the Paris streets.

If things go on as they have been going
on we will soon all be obliged to go out
as the late Shah of Persia did, preceded
by a major domo holding a big drawn re-
volver in front of him. I shall never for-
get the night at the Opéra when the gala
performance was given for the Shah and
he started down the stone steps to his
carriage preceded by his guard with a
big loaded revolver drawn on the crowd,
nor the panic of the people and the con-
sternation of every one when the Shah
would not be convinced that such customs
were not au fait in France.

Only One Offender in 200 Puntshed
tn New York.

Abraham H. Sarasohn, in active practice
as lawyor since 18*), has had a varied prac-
tice in criminal cases and made a study of

the administration of criminal law. Judge
Otto A. Rosalk&ky was a ewident at Mr
Sarasohn's oftice and received his legal

training under his personal direction.
has prepared for Tite SuN the follow-
ing article on the administration of the
eriminal law in New York.

The criminal law has proved inofficient
to cope with the growing element of law-
breakers. Notwithstanding popular no-
tions, the professional criminals of our
large cities are seldom caught, and if
caught are rarely punished. Their safety
from detection and apprehension is due
to an inefficient police system, while their
relative security from punishment even
when arrested is founded upon anarchaic
and utterly deficient machinery of criminal
law procedure. As a result of this situa-
tion crime has become a paying profession.
There are in New York city and. by parity
of causative reasoning, in every one of
our cities of first rate size as well thou-
sands of persons who earn a comfortable
and in many cases l¥xurieus living by
following a criminal career year in and
year out.

The entire success and prosperity of the
criminal classes depend upon their ability
to keep immune from interference or arrest

1 | .

rs SS
IM .LEPINE
| PREFACT Of POLICE.

:

 

 

 

 

E: IS THE LAW AT FAULT?

 

Head of Paris Police Protests Against
Official Leniency to Criminals
—Situation in New York

plaints to the orimes reported at Police
Headquarters and to the cases where
arrests were made without any previous
report we find that during the year 1910
there were 32,679 reported cases of bur-
glary and larceny, and during the same
year only 3,501 arrests for those offences,
showing that in less than 11 per cent.
of reportod cases of burglary and larceny
arrests are made. When we examine
the printed report of the Police Commis-
sioner and of the District Attorney of
New York county we find a still more
alarming state of affairs as regards the
small percentage of persons arrested
for serious offences that are convicted
and punished.

The report of the Police Commissioner

of the city of New York which covers
the year ended December 81, 1910, shows
that during that year 20,377 persons
were arrested within the greater city
for felony, but the convictions for felony
during the same year were 6,678. During
the preceding year there were 24,192
arrests for felony, with but 6,821 oon-
victions, and during the year 1008
there were 25,200 arresta, with 6,009 con-
victions.
#£On the strength of this showing only
one out of every four persons arrested
for felony in the greater city is don-
victed, which does not necessarily mean
punished, since 10 per cent. of those con-
victed escape punishment by, appeal.

Those records of convictions are really
overstating the repressive resulta ob-
tained by the authorities in their battle
against hardened offenders. Thgy in-
clude the crimes of novices, of first of-
fenders, of chance offenders in the heat
of passion, as well as crimes caused by
unforeseen or unavoidable circumstances.

The 5,678 convictions of the year 1910

ee include the pleas of guilty that

are usually entered by non-professional
|criminals, Thus the Borough of Man-
|hattan contributed 2,794 to these 5,678

by the police and to escape punishment | benvictions, and the report of the District

 

 
 
 

 

when arrested. In our large cities the
criminal classes are notoriously success-
ful in escaping punishment even when |
arrested through the many loopholes and |
defects of our antiquated criminal law
procedure. Such an alarmingly small |
percentage of professional criminals,
caught in the toils of the law, is convicted
and punished that the average criminal |
feels perfectly safe and secure from con-
viction. The chances of a lawbreaker |
suffering punishment by conviction are
not much greater than the hazard the aver-
age workingman takes of suffering per-
sonal injury in his trade. To this amaz-
ingly slight ratio of risk such criminal
statistics as are available bear eloquent
testimony. .

Few crimes are committed overtly.
To hide itself is of the very nature of
crime, which precludes the idea of any
records or statistics of crimes committed.
Of course there are records of crimes
reported to the police authorities, but
these represent only a portion of those
actually committed. Some categories
of crime are nearly always reported to the
police, others only in rare instances,
Thus burglary almost without exception
becomes a matter of public record, abor-
tion hardly ever. It is estimated that
only about one-third of the victims of
confidence games report their losses to
the police, and that at least one-third of
those despoiled by pickpockets do not
turn to the authorities lest they incur
loss of time in police stations and through
court room attendance in addition to
the loss caused by the theft. But even
the records of reported crimes are not
accessible to the public. The secretive-
ness of the metropolitan police in this
matter has recently been the subject of
severe and deserved criticism. The
public is kept unaware of the percential
proportion of arrests to the number of
reported crimes. Hence there is no way
of judging the efficiency of the police in
punishing or deterring crime.

Following the rumored “crime wave”
in the early part of last year the Grand
Jury of New York county made an ex-
tensive investigation, and ita presentment
filed May 17, 1911, contains some figures
from which a rough estimate may be
formed of the percentage of arrests of
reported crimes. This presentment shows
that in the year 1910 there were 10,288
complaints for burglary and attempted
barglary and 14,001 complaints for lar-
ceny. This number, however, is exclusive
of the complaints made 4i the police
station houses, which the Grand Jury
found were 711 for the period between
February 27 and April 4, 1911, or approxi-
mately twenty complaints a day, or 7,300
during the year.

Adding these 7,300 station house com-

 

 

 

Attorney of New York oounty for the
same year (1910) shows that out of these
2,794 convictions obtained in this county
2,145 were upon pleas of guilty, which
leaves only 649 convictions obtained by
trial during a twelvemonth in the most
densely populated county within the
boundaries of the United States.

This infinitesimally small number of
convictions*still exceeds the number that
were actually punished. A formidable
number of this small percentage of pro-
fessional crooks actually convicted es-
caped punishment by proouring from an
easygoing Judge a certificate of reason-
able doubt, obtaining their freedom upon
bail and then jumping the bail. Afyrther
percentage of this small number of con-
victed lawbreakers escape punishment
by appealing to the higher courta and
obtaining a reversal of the conviction on
technical grounds. "

A study of these figures reveals the
disappointing fact that barely one out of
every hundred cases of reported profes-
sional crime results in the conviction of
the offender, and when it is considered
that @pproximately only one-half of the
crimes committed by profeagional law-
breakers are reported to the police we
have the alarming condition that in less
than one out of every two hundred cases
of crimes actually committed the of-
fender is punished.

The taxpayer of New York oity, groan-
ing under the ever increasing burden
of taxes, has, on learning these figures,
good reason to question whether it is
worth while for the city to pay $29,000,000
for the maintenance of the Police Depart-
ment and $6,000,000 for the maintenance
of the criminal courta in order to secure
the punishment of one out of every 200
offenders,

An important item of professional
crime is “assault and robbery,” for which
there were 230 arresta in 1910, with 182
discharges or acquittals, 45 cases pend-
ing and only 33 convictions, which means
that about one out of every five individuals
arrested and placed on trial in Greater
New York for “assault and robbery” is
convicted. Next in importance comes
“burglary,” for which there were 1,071
arrests, 968 discharges or acquittals,
260 cases pending and 453 convictions.
Of the 453 convictions, 356 were by pleas
or confessions of guilt. The compara-
tively high percentage of convictions
for burglary is due to the fact that the
poorest grade of criminals only, and
those who have no financial resources,
are arrested, as appears from the figures
in the report of the District Attorney
of New York county, which shows that
811 indictments for burglary were followed
by 427 convictions, out of which 356 were
by pleas of guilty. Professional burglars

with means at their command very rarely
Plead guilty. With the numerous avenucs
of eacape at their command there is no
occasion for them to confess their crime.
Coming to the portentous heading of
homicide, there were 448 arrests in 1010
in New York city, with 219 discharges
Or acquittals, 201 cases pending and
only 28 convictions. Homicide, of course,
is not strictly an offence committed by
professional! criminals only.

For the benefit of the layman it must be
Noted at the outset that the defects which
make it almost impossible to punish law-
breakers do not exist in the criminal law,
but in the procedure or administration,
The lawyer 4s trained to note the difference
between law and procedure. ‘The average
layman does not consider this distinction.
There is no fault in the criminal law as
regards defining crimes or prescribing
punishments. The criminal law fully
embraces every species and form of crook-
edness and designates a sufficient measure.
We have perhaps too many crimes on our
statutes. There is very little if any re-
vision or improvement necessary in the
substantive criminal law, which defines
each offence and provides the punish-
ment.

The faults and defecta of the present
system lie entirely in the procedure or
administration of criminal law. These
faults and defects exist because this pro-
cedure under which we are now working
is taken bodily from the criminal law pro-
cedure of England before the Revolu-
tionary period. We live under a different
government, in a different period of the
world's history, under different circum-
stances, and yet this criminal procedure
which was appropriate and necessary in
England .under the Georges governs our
administration of criminal law, with very
slight modifications. For the last one
hundred years there has not been any
practical change or revision of these rules
to meet the changed conditions and the
advancing times. In this respect the
criminal law procedure has lagged far,
over a century in fact, behind the proced-
ure in civil law cases.

In the domain of civil law not a year
passes but that some reform, some change,
is made in procedure to make it con-
| form to the demands of the present times
jand the requirements of justice. In crim-
nal law, however, vory few attempts
lare made in the Legislature to reform
procedure so as to meet present require-
ments. The cause of this lies in the un-
fortunate fact that most of our lawmakers
are busy in trying,to get legislation for
the benefit of a particular individual
or class of individuals, and have no time
or energy to waste on. such legislation as
will merely benefit the entire community.

The few changes that have been made in
the criminal law procedure have mainly
been in the interests of the criminal classes,
because there were persons directly bene-
fited thereby and there was a sufficient
motive force to push the bills and have
them adopted. These same criminal
forces have been successful on the rare
"occasions when an attempt was honestly
made by public spirited legislators to re-
form the present vicious criminal pro-
cedure to how! down this attempt and to
defeat it by acry that the present criminal
procedure comprises the “safeguards of
individual liberty” an@ the “bulwarks of
freedom.”

Herein lies the key to this entire vicious
system of criminal law procedure. It may
be asked “Howjcame this vicious system of
procedure in criminal law ever to have
been adopted in England?” The answer
is that this system was in fact the safe-
guard of individual! liberty in Great Britain
in the eighteenth century. These safe
guards were the result of centuries of
struggle between the reigning power and
the common people, and they were en-
grafted into the criminal law procedure
of England to protect the common people
from onslaughts and usurpations.

In the last century is that what-
ever reforms or revisions we have

made were in the direction of
increasing these safeguards. In our
Legislature the movement went in

only one direction. Back of this move-
ment were two different forces, but each
force tended in the same direction. One
was the criminal element, which has
become powerful enough to influence
and sway legislation. The other comes
from an entirely different direction,
It comes from the camp of sentimental,
hysterical and misled philanthropists.:
This second force, though coming from
an ethically pure source, has always
worked in a direction of loosening the
reins, of creating more loopholes in crimi-
nal law procedure. Carried away by the
possibility of an innocent person being
punished, they have in effect worked
earnestly to the same end as the criminal
element to create more avenues of escape.

The result has been that we have kept
on increasing the so-called safeguards
and loopholes of the criminal law pro-
cedure so tHat we have not alone ex-
cluded the remotest possibility of an
innocent person being punished but we
have gone to the other extreme, and so
weakened the machinery of social re-
straint and loosened its network that it
has become impossible to punish the
guilty. '

The direct cause of this deplorable
condition thus publicly animadverted by
the highest authorities of our body politio
can be traced to two factors, which will
be dealt with in these articles:

First, inefficiency of the police in de-
tecting crime and arresting lawbreakers;
and, second, the defective machinery of
criminal law procedure, with its many
loopholes and unlimited opportunities
for the professional lawbreaker to evade
punishment when arrested.

The eight main defects of the crime
inal law at present may be stated as
follows:

I.—Fallure to differentiate between pro-
fessional and casual criminals.

II.—A vicious bail system enabling the
criminal to escape after capture.

III.--The usefulness of the Grand Jury

IV.—The privilege of the accused to fa.
fuse to give any explanation or testimony,
and the extension by the courts of this
privilege.

V.—The extreme application
ciple of former jeopardy.

VI.—The unreasonable latitude allowed in
cross-examinations of the complaining
witnesses.

VII.—The lack of the right of the prosecu.
tion to a ppeal.

VIII.—Weak Judges and incapable proge-
outing attornoys.

yor the prin-

-#