4

SS deen ictnci ate <.

se

=k

| A ET MERE RS on

sre et

oer-cnaieteiee

Hi
‘

* phere is one of intrigue.

4

 

,

 
   

4

‘THE SUN, SUNDAY,

MARCH 24, 1912.

/

 

TWIN AMBITIONS OF GERMANY’S CLEVER EMPEROR

 

Kaiser Seeks to Set Good Example in
Military and Domestic Life—Plain
Ways and Good Works of the

Kaiserin.

Berwin, March 14.--The court of Ber- |

iin has changed greatly in character
If not In form since the establishment
of the empire. In preimpertal days it
was the court of the King of Prussia,
ranking with the courts of Bavaria at
Munich, of Saxony at Dresden, of Wurt-
temberg at Stuttgart; though natu-
rally, as the population of Prussia was
larger than that of any other German
kingdom and the part played by Prus-
sia in German history more important,
{ts court alxo was on a larger scale and

attracted more attention.

With the establishment of the empire
came @ change in the attributes of the
King of Prussia which influenced the
character of the court. In addition to
being a king he became an emperor; in
addition to being royal the court be-
came imperial.

The change did not come about
through any expressed Intention of the
imperial Constitution. It was the
natural consequence of the Imperial
status defined by the Constitution, and
In particular of the views held by WIll-
fam IT. The result of the change, of
ene of Its results, has been that the
court of Rerlin has become in size, in
splendor, in the number of {ts entertain-
tnents and especially in the visite to it
ef foreign personages and notabilities
of all sorts, brilllantly modern and
widely influential.

In popular Imagination the court of
a king !s usually a palace with large
and lofty salons, long corridors with
ancestral paintings on the walls, secret
passages and, above all, an antecham-
her. The Queen must be neglected by
her husband. Of courtiers anc suitors
there must be a plentiful supply. There
must be a favorite. The whole atmos-
The court is
yictured as one large, though changing
family; every meal is a banquet; the
dally round fe one of brilliant gather-

of every one and everything connected

{fn “the Mark Brandenburg. He would

never accept Ministerial office but con-
tented himself with diplomatic service,
preferring, as he said, ta prove the sin-
| cerity of his attachment to the Kaiser
iby not seeking his own advantage.

Thus by degrees he and his intimates,

chief of whom was Gen. von Moltke,

came to be regarded by the rest of the
court, and then by the public at large,

as a secret group, nicknamed

Round Table,”

mine the influence of the Imperial
Chancellor and his Ministerial col-
leagues.

A secret struggle began between the
|“Camarilla,” as it was called in the dis-

 

 

Hohenlohe; but on his return from that
post to court life he found a powerful
opponent in the fourth Chancellor,
Prince von Bulow.

The contest for power between the

{deal of their time together, more, {t has
| been remarked, than is usually the rule
/in ordinary burgher families.

| The Kaliserin Is always in the break-
jfast room when the Kaiser appears

closures of Maximilian Harden, and the;two men and their supporters contin- there about 8 o'clock to take his
Chancellor, then Prince von Bulow, and | ued until April, 1907, when the youthful | substantial breakfast, and of course Is

continued for three years with varying |Crown Prince, with a degree of mMoral| present at the afternoon and evening
fortune. To Eulenburg's influence had | courage that did him credit, brought to | meals.

| been attributed the fall of Prince Bis-|his father’s attention the statements | alone. The two adjutants on duty, the
“the | marck’'s
whose chief aim wasj| Bulenburg had been quiescent as Am-

successor, Gen. Caprivi,

Maximilian Harden

| avout made by
about Prince von Eulenburg and his

with the great estate committed to his | to exercise influence on the monarch! bassador at Vienna during the Chan- companions, The immediate result was

charge--the young and growing em-

Circe
In

Ly ) a)»

 

{ngs, at which the guests pour forth/ pire. A love of things military, as
witty sayines and amusing anecdotes! representing the main support of his
er whisper the latest scandal. ; house and the chief means of matn- |

Such a picture would give an entirely | taining the prestige and security of his |
false idea of the court of Willlam I1.| country, and a desire to refine and
There is, to be sure, the palace with {ts} ¢levate his people through the arts al-

 

 

large salons and long corridors, a pile
of weather blackened buildings three |
stories high, standing round three
empty looking, stone paved squares, in|
which a squad of soldiers may at times
be seen exercising. But all the rest
js wanting. There is an antechamber,
indeed, but it {is filled by no crowd,
though it Illes just outside the cabinet
of the busiest monarch of his time. An
attache or two are here on duty to an-
nounce to the Kalser the arrival of
some one who has been specially sent
for or invited to visit him.

There is no favorite, for though the
Kaiser listens to his Ministers, who ap-
pear on certain days and at certain
hours in turn to submit their reports,
he decides quickly in the spirit and
with the tone of a judge who has heard
all the facts and pleadings. There are
a few officials in whose company he
shows more pleagure than in that of
others, and naturally, for they are old
school or college friends or served with
him during the regimental part of his
life. He likes to surround himself with
men gifted with a sunny disposition
and a eense of humor.

There are no petitioners, for peti!-
tions and requests of all kinds are laid
{n writing before the Kaiser through
the proper official channel. There is
no neglected Queen, but an excellent
wife and mother wrapped up in her
husband's welfare, in her household
affairs, in the fortunes of her seven
children and in the supervision of her
numerous public and private charities.
The Kaiser's marriage was one of af-
fection that has endured; and he is
too hard working a man, his mind ts
too fully occupied with matters of far
reaching importance, to fall under the
influence of the youthful charms that
at times come under his quick and ob-
servant notice.

Perhaps the truest view of the
Kaiser's court as a whole is when one
conceives it as a large and well ordered
family comparable with that of some |
merchant prince of the Venetian age|
of enterprise and commerce, the head |
of which is a man of business first of
all, with his brain full of care for the
prosperity of his house, his family,
his possessions, and thoroughly con-
vinced that on the prosperity of these
depend the prosperity and heppiness

ways accompany the mercantile idea,
the {dea of practical prosperity, ever
dominant fn the Kaiser's mind.

Usually court scandals belong to one
of two classes, social or political. As |
to the first, there were many years
ago whispers as to a supposed prefer-
ence of the Kaiser for this or that lady |
—generally an actress—or as to sup- |
posed early peccadilloes on his part,
Such reports wilfalways be current as |
long as people fnsist on drawing Jin- |
ferences of importance from the triv- |
falities of royal action, be it a simpie |
handshake or recognition, a sentence of
ordinary good will, a smiling conversa-
tion, the offer of a flower, or the ac-
ceptance of an invitation. In the case
of the Kaiser there is little evidence to
Justify any of them.

On five occasions so-called scanda!s
at the court fn Berlin have been the
subject of public discussion. Only two
or three deserve mention, and in the
case of these investigation has made it
clear that there was nothing in them
to touch the high personal character
of the Kaiser or his family.

The first was the Kotze-Schrader
scandal of 1895, the “anonymous let-
ters” scandal, which arose out of an
intrigue, begun by a Petty court official
against his superior, the court chamber-
lain, and for months kept the court in
a state of excitement and suspicion.
It gave birth to a multitude of anony-
mous letters. The scandal had a tragic
ending, the death of Baron Schrader
{n a duel with Baron Kotze.

The “Camartila” scandal which came
to light in 1907 will always be connected
with the names of Eulenburg, Moltke,
and Maxmilian Harden, the first a
prince of great wealth, broad Pposses-
sions and subtlety in Intrigue, and a
close and trusted friend of the Kaiser's;
the second a nobleman and officer of
high rank, related to the master of
strategy and organization whose name
is coupled with that of Bismarck in
German history, and military com-
mandant of Berlin at the time of his
fail; and the third a clever publicist,
whose writings exposed the scandal.

Prince Philip von Eulenburg—"Phili”
as he was known to his many friends—
had for several years enjoyed the favor
and friendship of the Kaiser, who often
visited him at his castle of Liebenberg

 

PRESIDENT MADERO AS A REFORMER

Crry or Mexico, Mexioo, March 19.—
Along with the other reforms that are
proposed for Mexico by the present Ad-
ministration, as well as the leaders of
the differents movements to overthrow
it, fs a proposed general uplift of the
me@rals of the people.

President Madero has very pronounced
and advanced ideas on the subject of
what should be done toward placing
the mass of citixenship on a higher plane
of morality. He is a personal example
of what constitutes the idealistic of citi-
venship. It is truthfully said of him that
he has not a single “bad habit.” His
personal character is above reproach,
and he believes that by the inauguration
of measures which will not only encourage
but enforce the regulation and adherence of
certain principles of sobriety and moral
rectitude a few years will see changes
that will be for the great benefit of the
common people and the whole citizenship
of the country.

That this sentiment is wide spread is
evidenced by the announced policy of
State and local officials throughout the
country, not only among those who belong
to the Administration in power but even
in the State of Chihuahua, which govern-
meré ia now in the control of so-called
seartionists.,

It has long been claimed by those who
have sought to elevate the every day
standards of the people of the republic
that the greatest and most injurious
factors operating against them were the
unrestricted and officially sanctioned
vices in the shape of gambling house

and drinking establishments. Next to gona, New Mexico and Texas a few years privilege thr

these is the national sport of bullfighting
which President Madero has openly op-
posed ever since he has given voice to
what he considers the best intereste of
the people. There has been some adverse
comment, however, on this latter alleged
detrimental amusement because he gave
his apparent sanction to the sport by
attending recently in this city a bullfight
that was given for charitable purposes.
It is known, however, by men who are
close to the President that it is his purpose
to in due time, if he is so permitted by act
of Congress, to absolutely prohibit bull-
fighting throughout the country.

President Madero dislikes and abhors
brutality in any form. He is a vegeta-
rian, and that bespeaks for him, so those
who belong to that oult say, a tender
disposition toward all creatures whether
they be human or brutes. But for the fact
that it was a charitable exhibition no one
who is close to the President believes
that he would bave attended the per-
formance. It is sald in this connection
that it is the) first bullfight he ever saw
and that he was horror stricken with its
brutality.

When Congress meets in April it is
understood that a bill will be introduced
carrying out his plan for the abolishment
of this sport. Whether sentiment is strong
enough to bring about the enactment of
such & measure remains to be seen.

From the State of Sonora comes the

and in particular to nullify or counter- | cellorship of Caprivi'’s successor,

Prince

  
 
  
 
  
      
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
   
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

KRAISERSS PALACE , BERLIN.
— eee een

ago many of the professional gentry of
the green cloth transferred their opera-
tions to the States of Chihuahua and 8o-
Dora, and open games in all of the larger
cities and many of the smaller towns of
that portion of Mexico have been carried
* with the sanction of the local authori-
es.

Besides the Americans who are interested
in this sporting pastime many Mexicans
have found it profitable to embark in that
vocation. Besides the proposed driving
out of gamblers in Sonora the Legislature
has taken steps to fight the liquor traffic
as applied to the manufacture and sale of
cheap intoxicants, such as the different
brands of mescal, which liquor is said to
be the bane of the peon element. It is
purposed to levy a high tax on maguey
plante, from which the mescal and te-
quila are manufactured. The particular
object of this proposed tax is to force the
maguey planters to uproot these plants
and substitute some other kind of orop
in their stead.

From the State of Chihuahua comes
the information that the revolutionary
Government there has decided that
gambling of all kinds must be stopped,
Already a decree has been issued by the
Provisional Governor abolishing such
gambling concessions as now exist and
prohibiting loca] authorities from issu-
| ing such rights in the future. Of all the
States in Mexico none has'in the past been

 

an enormous fortune out of the conces-
sion during the comparatively short time
he held it.

Besides the anti-gambling sentiment
that is growing in momentum through-
out the country there is a strong prohibi-
tion movement on foot, which fs backed
not only by many men in high official and
business circles but by the women of the
country. Already as a result of this
agitation several of the States and many
of the larger cities have adopted regu-
lations which have for their purpoee
a restricting of the liquor traffic and the
placing of it upon a higher plane.

In Austin wonderful resulta have been
accomplished through the enforced re-
moval of many of the lower order of
drinking places known as pulquerias
| from the more central portions of town
to more remote and less objectionable
districts. Also the hours in which the
sale of liquor may be conducted have been
reduced and all night places abolished.
The same thing has been done in prao-
tically all of the other larger cities of the
country.

It is considered a very noteworthy
and commendable phase of the present

| revolutionary movements that these

various reforms as to the abolishment,
restriction or regulation of gambling and
the liquor traffic have the indorsement
and active support of the leaders of the
new propagandas as well as of President
Madero, who is now in power. It means,
it {a believed, that there is bound to
take place ultimately, if not in the very

|asalmously & that the legislature has| more notorious for its gambling than | near future, a general uplift of the mass

unanimously agreed upon the enactment , Chihuahua.

of a bill prohibiting gambling. Since the
outlawing of games of chance in Ari-

by the name

Several years ago a Turk / of citizenship in the matter of taking|a half hour flow
of Touche was granted an|away from them the temptations with! German, French und Fnglish, from which
exclusive concession for the gambling| which they have heretoforé been con- | it is

oughout the State. He made fronted § fi

the dismissal of Count von Moltke from
his functions as military commandant
of Berlin and the withdrawal of the
imperial friendship from Prince von
Eulenburg.

Just as the Kaiser wishes to be an
example of all the military virtues, so
in social life he has the ambition to
set a good éxample to his people as
father and husband. That he succeeds,
and always has succeeded since
marriage now thirty years ago, is de-
nied neither at home nor abroad; and
if, like his countrymen, he
woman as the companion of a man
rather than as his partner, he never
fails in the love and respect due to the
lady who is both German Empress and
‘his wife.

Of late years they have not been so
i}much together as when they were both
, more occupled with the same family
;cares. Then the Kaiserin, besides pass-
ing much of her time in his company

when he was at home, frequently ac- |
companied him on his outings, whether .

it was a shooting expedition to Romi

| ten or Hubertusstock, his  favorife
| shooting boxes, or on his annual north-
‘ern cruise. Even now, when the
| Kaiser is at home in Potsdam or Ber-
lin, he and the Kaliserin spend a good

 

his |

regards |

 

At the two last they are not

Court Marshal or his deputy, the Cham-
| berlain and the ladies of the bedcham-
ber have places at the table.

When ifn Berlin the imperial pair
‘often go for a promenade in burgher
fashion in the Tiergarten, where they
|walk at a brisk pace along the prin-
cipal alley&, with the adjutant on service
a little way behind and a couple of de-
tectives discreetly lurking in the offing.
On these occasions the Kaiser talks
vivacigusly as usual, indeed, does most
of the talking, since the Kaiserin is a
good listener, but however Interested
the royal promenaders may be neither
omits to return a greeting, whether
made by a passing citizen, a foreigner
desirous of showing respect or a poorly
clad match seller.
| There is a florist’s shop in the park
into which the imperial couple often
‘enter to purchase a bouquet, or it may
‘be only a handful of the simpler flow-
ers, with directions for the gift to be
sent to some member of the imperial
circle of acquaintances. On these oc-
casions the Kaiserin makes the pur-
chase, and the destination of the gift is

as often as not a bed of sickness.
The Kaiser's work, which has grown

i with the growth of the empire, occu-
‘ples many hours of each day. Even
the laziest of monarchs would have to
| get through no small amount of labor
if it Were only because of the number
of cases“in the army, navy and civil

| After the evening meal—tt can ha,

be called dinner and certainly no:
royal dinner of popular imaging:
the company generally axsemb: it
library of the palace, if al Hertiy
corresponding room if elsewhe:
Kaliserin and her ladies at «ji.
themselves with some form «/

  

work, while the Kaiser either |,
book and reads aloud himec!? vp ,
one of the adjutants to do s

What fs read varies from
time; now i 18 & newWspower «
it has not seldom havve--4) ¢);
magazine, Atuerican, Engiish, prey, :
cor German, or a report from one vy +)
ambassadors abroad, provided, of co p<,
it contains nothing of contident :|
ecter, After the reading is over 4 d
been briefly discussed a sorya;
pears with a tray of tumblers contajy-
ing weak tea without milk or lemonad
The Kaiser invarlably takes lemonac,
Then the company separates. ‘ya
Kaiser does not go straightway to }x \,
but works an hour fn his study

It may well be supposed that {n a
family which {s 80 conducted as tq
serve as model to every familly in the
empire the Christian festivals are care.
fully observed. The German Christmas
celebration lasts nearly a month, for the
burgher commences his purchases and
preparations for it shortly after Po.
cember has begun. It ts the same jn
the palace; and long before Christmas
a court carriage may be seen standing,
now at this, now at that shop, tn the
main thoroughfares of Berlin, watting
for the Kafserin, who fs within choos.
jing with the nicest care and tact tha
many presents she loves to bestow on
her family and friends at this season,

Two or three days before Christmas
organ of the detested Social Democracy,
the Vorwarts, has been chosen—or a
the work of setting up the Christmas
trees at court is begun under the Kai-
serin’s own superintendence, and with
the help.of all the unmarried officers
cf the court and Kalser's suite. On
these occasions the Kaliserin herself
points out where the various gifts ara
to be hung, where tiny lights, some of
them electric, are to be placed, and
where colored glass balls and fancy
decorations are to go.

On Christmas Eve, at 4 In the after-

with all traditional German dishes and

accessories. The distribution of pres-
ents follows in an adjacent salon, tha
Hall of Shells. The trees, with presents
for the imperial children, now children
no longer, are on a long table tn tha
centre, while the trees with gifts in-

 

.| service {mn which he has personally to
decide as German Emperor or King of
Prussia. In order that the Kaiserin
;jmay have some idea of her husband's
obligations for the day following she

receives each night a document showing
his engagements for the next twenty-

four hours, and is thrus better able to
jarrange her own visits abroad, whether
|for charitable purposes, the visiting of
charitable institutions {s one of her
special tasks, or merely to do some
shopping.

The Kaiserin takes deep interest in
{the Berlin hospitals and the honor of 4
visit from her has eased pain in many
a ward. The gathering of a small and
respectful crowd, carefully herded, of
course, by the police, in one of the
streets of the capital before the shop
| of some “purveyor to her Majesty the
Empress” is evidence that she is mak-
{ing a purchase within. On these oc-

{

|

| casions she is driven in an unpreten- |

; Hous carriage and pair and rarely uses
the yellow court motor employed for
longer excursions.

 

noon, the great dinner for the entire
court takes place in the Jasper Hail,

 

tended for the Kaiser and Kaiserin
stand to one side of the hall.

The Christmas festivities always take
Place: at Potsdam, and exactly at 7
o'clock, for punctuality 1s one of the
Kalser's virtues. Guests who have come
from Berlin are driven back to Wild-
park station, half a mile away, to catch
the train to town. Each guest carrics
with him in a silk bag the tokens of im-
perial good will he or she may have re-
celved during the Christmas tree dis-
tribution. The remainder of the even-
ing the imperial family passes alonc

A word tn conclusion as to thie
Kaiser's working day. He acquired tha
habit of early rising during his reei-
mental period, and 6 o'clock in summer
and 7 in winter sees him out of bed. To
his bath and dressing he gives about
half an hour, his dressing operations
being quickened by the ald of his, vet-
eran valet, who helps him over the
hindrances caused by his nerveless Ieft
arm. Then to the breakfast
where, Invariably in the company of the
Kaiserin, he sits down to a substantia!
cold

Toom,

breakfast, comprising tea, ezgs,

meat, cake or cold pie and bread and _

butter.

The meal is sfinplicity itself, only a
single servant assisting, and if the
| Seataer is not in a hurry to start upon
a journey he sits and reads one or two
of the Berlin papers or the journal sy.
clally prepared for him in the prees
bureau of the Foreign Office. There
is ne dawdling and the Kaiser appears
in his study, his cabinet it is called, as
punctually and regularly as the me:
chant at his downtown office.

Here the matters requiring his atten-
tlon have already been prepared for
him by two adjutants, who from an
early hour are on duty in the room ad-
joining his cabinet. The documents
laid on the broad “diplomat” writing
table include very probably a report

from the Chancellor on the internal or ‘

external political situation, private let
ters from German or foreign courts,
from American or English friends, «1d
; statements previously called fpr by the
‘Kaiser from one or other of his min-
| isters, These are all glanced through,
;many of them patiently studied, and
i most, perhaps, dealt with by dict
on the spot. In several cases
Kaiser's decision takes the form of a
marginal note written with a blue pen-
cil in bold characters and leaving no
doubt as to the imperial writer's wil!

  

 

 

 

GOSSIP IN THE FIVE CENT WINE SHOP.

There's a queer jold saloon near the
Post Office where you can get rea] wine
for 5 cents a glase and see as queer a set
of old men as ever came together, amok-
ing slowly and etaring at their glasses,
which they sip once in fifteen minutes.
The great, bare, dingy room is dark in
spite of gas jets, and quiet though twenty
groups are talking. A gravely worded
notice in old English letters reads:

Gentlemen will communieate with each
cther without the use of profane or !m-
proper language,

Intemperate use of wine is absolutely
prohibited,

We will all find great satisfaction in
observing these principles.

The men there come from everywhere
and have done everything. ‘There are
tworex-Generals, of the Confederate and
the Union army, who come regularly.
The Union General is stout and broad
shouldered, with flerce eyes under brows
that have grown hair, while his head has
lost it. ‘

Another old man is a Dane, he tells you.
He has come here every day for years,
except last winter, when he had a stroke
of paralysis. He moves his hand up his
side and smiles. He is much better now,
he says, but when he goes he walks slowly,
leaning heavily on a cane.

An old pedlar enters, putting down three
fur covered footstools for table com-
panions. A strange visitor soon makes a
fourth, and the keen eyes gleam from be-
tween beard and brows. What follows is
of hopelessly jumbled

possible to derive only the following

1, The pedier {s about to return to | hable to have no chicken coop or washing

Leipsic so that his sons can have a
proper education.

2, In a German university a student
though poor, can be a gentleman, with
5-6-8 sword cuts on his face, and belong
te a corps, and have a sword at his belt,
and a uniform and a@ cap, ja wohl, und a
kap!

3. When the gentleman-student gets
drunk he is immune from arrest except
by his own university, which conducts
a jail for gentlemen only.

4. The Panama Canal is about to be
selzed by Japan, and Roosevelt must be
made President so that he can lead the
American army to recapture it.

A man with a chubby, smiling face
was easily started to talking.

“I haf come here about four times a
week for ten years,” he said in a slow,
meditative voice with a German accent
that had lasted, as later appeared, from
the time when 2 years old his father had
brought him from the Fatherland, where
the revolution was, in 1850.

many troubles that I could not begin
to tell you uff them.” And in five minutes
he was telling them. This is one,

“I wass done bad in that real estate
business when I bought my house in

Brooklyn. There was a chair factory | lawyer $50, an’ to hers a hunderd

next door, but there wass four vacant
lots in between, and there waass a re-
striction on those lots that nobody could
make any manufacture there without
| they get our consent.

“Then when my wife wass sick—she
died uff cancer—- there come a woman and
say She want to buy those lots to buil
@ house, and she say she would not

“I like to
come here to sit and think, for I haf so

| clothes or nothing without that restriction
}on manufacture wass took off

And
| 80 we sign the paper, an’ that woman,

| She wass agent for the chair company.
| They build right next door.

| “Well, it don't hurt us much, but it
| ain't 80 nice. There iss noise all day,

lan’ the sawdust covers the lawn in front

like fertilizer, only it ain't so nice for the

grass, :

“But some day that factory will want
to grow bigger, an’ they’!! have to buy
our house, And then I'll ‘have the goods
on them; $10,000, that’s my price!

“Young man, don’t think uff it! 1 wass
married twice, almost. When my wit?
died I wanted to ad again. The lady

wass also a widow had the marring®
license gotten, and then I told my chil-
, and they would not hear uff it

haf fife children, but three are married
now.

“Well, I told the lady I could not marry
her. She cried awful; there wass lots uf
trouble. Then I got soared, for she had

a clear case—the license wass boug!t -
breach uff promise. So I hired a lawyer.
An’ then ahe hired a lawyer. My lawyer
| Says to me, ‘How much are you willing to
| give that woman?’ J gay,’ Two hunderd
and fifty tollers, and not a cent more, bY
jhimmel!’ An’ she accepted that mucii,

for more, 4)
haf to git my
mM
| wage we see each other now we speuk,
an’ we are friends.”
meen lon, after She settlement was it
hat she apoke s
“About a mont)”
“And are you good friends now?"
| “Yes, goot friends. I like that worn
|@ lot--I always did. An’ she likes me
| She iss

though she was askin
she sign a release, But

 

I know, about that $2)"

id | She would much rather haf me now thas
be that money.”