2

4 5

FRENCH PLAYWRIGHTS OF THE MODERN SCHOOL

Mme. Simone Analyzes the Work of |

 

 

 

are like a jug without a handle, you never| of ‘Les Fossiles,’ ‘La Nouvelle Idole,’
know how to get hold of them. Their|‘L’Envers d'une Sainte,’ and ‘Le} Coup
classical mould of the modern French/q'Aile.’ M. de Curel has chosen the
play grows out of this national trait. We| ethical conflicts of French life, that are
“The best French plays, no matter how|are not afraid to suffer; we are more| quite as human as any other, but more

authors are regarded as very competent
dramatic critics, and their @pviews com-
mand as much respect as VWhough they
were not playwrights themselves.

 

Intellectual Life of Paris in Contrast

Her Countrymen—Describes the
Methods and the Reason
of Their Popularity

\tme. Simone, the French actress, who
has been spending a winter in New York,
says that the experience has been singu-
larly refreshing, even restful, after Paris.

“Yes, I like it here very much indeed.
Iam very well here, very happy; no one
hothers one with superintellectual talk,”
she said
rhere is a new turn of thought in this
that Mme. Simone entirely justified. The
Paris of the comic papers, and the Paris
that is seen by the American abroad, is
not always the real Paris. Behind the
scenes of gayety and amusement in this
utopian city of pleasure the Frenchman
and the French woman are above all
intellectual

Incidentally Mme. Simone has put her
finger on the weak spot of New York, its
indifference, if not contempt, for the high
brow. She likes this phase of audacity,
however, which she typified with the fol-
lowing vivid bit of local color.

*The first dance I went to in New York
I was soon a bit tired. ‘Let me rest,’
Isaidtomy partner. ‘No, no, rest, never;
let us go on dancing,’ he said, and we were
of again. It was delightful, charming,
carefree and in its way restful.”

Restful, compared to the intellectual
life in Paris, where it so happens Mme.
Simone finds herself surrounded by the
brilliant men and women of contempora-
neous literature and art. Some of them
she has known all her life. They regard
her as a confidant to whom they may
tel] the anxieties of their calling. They
are playwrichts of the old school and the
new, novelists, critics, actors, painters
and scientists.

“If [had been able to have my own way
in this world,” said Mme. Simone, “I
should have devoted it to science, but that
is never the way of lifo. Yes, I should
have beenachemist. Asitis, I find much
in the theatre that is worth while, and
much sometimes that is not. But that too
is the way of life.

seems quite real and one abandons the
mediocre subterfuge of the ‘theatre for
the sublime illusion of the poet's fancy.
These are the special moments in acting
that keep many of us on the stage in fan-
tastic expectation of them.

“There are plays that I would rather
produce than to do anything else, no matter
how big or important in the world. There
are great parts written that fill all one's
hopes of inspiration. These are the
things I should always like to do, because
in France we have so much talent among
our writers for the stage; some whom
we do not even discuss and others who
are working away in obedience to their
temperamental outlook upon French life.
Most of these are intellectual men, not
merely intelligent, but men of big convic-
tions and careful purpose.

“The prevailing theme of the French
play is love, because it is the fabric of
thought in France. Woman is the mystery
that French playwrights are always solv-
ing, and yet never to a final conclusion.
She is not yet solved, she never will be,
so French plays will continue to pursue
her while she continues to evade them.

The plays of Alexander Dumas (fils)
represent the period of transition on the
French stage between the romantic and
modern writers.

“When Henri Becque died, about fif-
teen years ago, he had established the fun-
damental idea upon which most of the
French plays have been subsequently
written. Two of his most celebrated
plays, ‘La Parisienne’ and ‘Les Corbeaux,'
are masterpieces of drama; analytical
character studies of splendid literary qual-
ity. He established the unfailing stand-

! ard of a good play, literary distinction.

“The French people are exacting in this
matter. They will forgive a delay in ac-
tion if the play has good literature. This
they demand first and foremost.

“Becque's ‘La Parisienne’ is almost a

We are in ourselves| perfect French play of the modern type.

merely actors in a play we have not|0n the other hand, ‘Les Corbeaux' is a

written
and while my coiffeur is giving a poetic

To-night I must be a princess, | Study of quite another kind.

It is the
story of a widow and two daughters who

wave tomy own hair, if you please—not | are stripped of their inheritance by ‘the
a wic as some one says it was—we can |Crowg,’ the greedy, mercenary human

talk.”
Mme
(or perhaps indifferently would be the

Simone, reluctantly it

beetles of life. Becque died when he was

seemed | 56 years old.

“The man who brings his intellectual

better word), obeyed the rules of the thea- | lens into the best focus of French life in
tre that compel the service of paints and | Paris just now is M. Porto-Riche, the

powders

author of ‘Amoureuse,’ ‘Le Passé,’ and

“Sometimes the theatre is not wholly | that remarkable study of conflict in a

satisfying,” said Mme.

scenery becomes a mirage of one's own | tinguished dramatic critic of one of the|

Simone with a| Woman between jealousy and maternal

impression, the painted palace chamber | French newspapers. In Paris dramatic

 

FLO

 

some twenty-five whaling

ATING FA

New Bedford, which stil! sends out (_

cneenner cane Ramen eeeeeeeenennseetencangeanementiirsines

 

 

modern or ultra-modern they may be in| afraid when we do not.

This often leads | distinctive. His literary style is very

theme, follow the classic form. The wt our being misunderstood, The most | strong and sometimes poetic. He is a

—.

 

 

 

 

 

|

to That of Ne

w York, Which

Mme. Simone Describes as
Restful

are portraits of traditions grown feeble
in conflict with the progress of modern
ideas. His plays are serious, carefully
worked out, to prove the ideals of the
modern system, and are of great and deep
value.

“Among this contemporary list of the

more mature students of the stage is |

tors, who seem to be on a literary journey
of mutual delight for themselves and the
French people. Their plays are de-
lightful in their wit and optimism. Both
these young men seem to enjoy a most
graceful vision of happiness in life. They
represent in the French theatre a tradi-
tion which belongs to the French people,

Maurice Donnay, who is the author of | gayety and happiness, the tradition of,
‘La Douloureuse,’ ‘Georgette le Meunier’| Meilhac et Halévy.

‘L'Autre Danger’ and other plays of dra-
matic significance.

“The key of the modern French writer
for the theatre to-day is audacity in the
painting of his subject.

“Maurice Donnay, who wrote ‘The Re-
turn From Jerusalem,’ which I played
in New York this winter, and also ‘Amants’
and other plays, shows unusual genius.
He writes slowly, with infinite attention
to details, to the small things which are
a part of all big romance in drama or in
life. Because of this photographic ac-
curacy, because of this ceaseless effort to
make everything true and real, Donnay’s
plays will live long after him,

“Edmond Rostand of course stands al-
most supreme as the leader of the romantic
school in France, and M. Richepin's ‘Le
Chemingau’ is a poetic classic.

“These are the grave seignors of the
French theatre, who are establishing its
standards of literature in the drama of
France on solid ground for all time.

“There is a coterié of young men in
Francg, men of thirty or thirty-five, who
are contributing gayety and sentiment to
the French drama of a very modern order.
Among .these are Henri Bernstein, Henri
Bataille, Abel Hermant, Tristan Bernard,
those two young writers of such charming
plays as ‘Love Watches,’ De Flers et
Caillavet; Pierre Weber, Sacha Guitry,
Francois de Croisset and Pierre Wolff.

“Most of them are optimists, alert with
the brilliancy and gayety of Paris, dis-
ciples of cheerfulness and tender senti-
ment.

“Henri Bernstein, who wrote ‘The Thief’
for me, and other plays, is one of the most
intelligent men in Paris. -1 have known
him since he wes a child. As a boy he
was an enigma; as a man he found that he
could write plays better than some others
and he became a playwright. He could
have been anything else. There is a

‘romantic tendency in his plays that is

suffered, but they do not belong among writers, who have ignored the usual theme | markable study of aristocracy in France,

inseparably tied to some great moment
of feeling or action. He sees the drainatic
values at a glance. He has an instinct
for the heart hrobs, the surprising con-
flict o emotiona events. He does not
analyze, he depicts what he finds and sees
in life, situations, dramatic situations.
“Quite different from Henri Bernstein
is the material of the plays of Henri Ba-
taille. M. Bataille is at heart a psycholo-
gist, a chemist of human emotions, mix-
ing the complex elements of human na-

version of ‘Love Watches’ was seen in this

, these who have artistic ambition. ‘They of love is Frangois de Curel, the author of the honor of family pride. His pictures | country, are a pair of charming collabora-

CTORIES THE LATEST ID

Rummaging about an old book stcre | members of the old whaling firms of New ! price of $5 a pound, and if the Paris mer- |
barks and/in New Bedford, Mr. Christensen found | Bedford

Some of these latter books

schooners and brigs with crews provided | three or four old logs of whaling voyages | have been secured and many a latter day

with the harpoon and lance, has been | that interested him, and he purchased | whaling voyage has been made to the|
iughing for several years at the new

method of whaling by which whales are
shot with guns carried in the bow of
sma!l steamers. Nevertheless it has
heen proved that the new method is a
big success
hile the whaling merchants of New
Redford have been content to stick
to the old hand methods, the Norwegians,
pioneers in the floating factory
method of whaling, have been making
rapid strides in the industry until at the
present time there are fitted out in Nor-
way each year over 200 steamers that
catch whales all over the globe. There
are fifty companies in Norway and that
industry is profitable is shown by
the fact that steamers are being added
to the fleet every year and are sent wher-
ever the whales abound, bringing back
full cargoes in almost every instance
Lars Christensen of Sandefjord, Nor-
has just been in New Bedford in
nection with the new method of
whale fishery. He came from the Pacific
Coast, where he is interested in the United
Whaling Company, which will
operate steamers and floating factories
\ Alaskan waters this year for the first
The Norwegian steamer Sommer-
one of the floating whaling stations
constructed in Norway, is en route to the
vite coast for use in Alaskan waters
forthis company. At Sandjeford, where
the Suromerstadt outfitted, the vessel
was practically converted into a floating
factory

the

wav

States

time
stidt

Machinery was installed for
extracting the whale oil and for manu-
facturing fertilizer from *he carcasess.
The Norwegians in charge of the craft
also have plans for making experiments
with the manufacture of butter from <he
whale oil. Three steel whaling veasela
are being constructed for the United
States Whaling Company and they will
be completed this spring.

Christensen, who is a large shipowner
in Norway, in company with his father,
who is the pioneer of the floating factory
idea of whaling, spent two days in New
Hedford and while there gathered to-
kelier several old log booke of whaling
Voyages in the south Atlantic Ocean.
He was accompanied by Atle Freng.
Mr Christensen has been engaged as
‘anager of a new Brazilian whaling

the books and also secured from an ac-
quaiptance he met on a previous visit
to the old whaling city extracts from
several log books which told of former

 

very grounds described in the old logs.
It was some of these logs that Mr. Chris-
tensen secured, and it would not be sur-

| prising to hear of the “shooters” and
i

 

 

 

THE WHALER OF THE DAYS OF OLD.

voyages on which whales had been taken
in large numbers and of the location of

whaling grounds in various parts of the
|

world, From his interest in these old
books and information about the sperm

 

 

floating factories doing a flourishing
business on some of the old grounds
located through the log books of New
Bedford vessels,

New Bedford whalers now make cruises

chants wanted whelebone they had to
come to the man who had the corner
Pre price of whalehone even went higher
than $5 a pound

All of a sudden the New Redford whale-
bone market went stale. The bone began
to sell slowly, and the firm, while it had
plenty of inquiries for bone, could sell
only very small lots at the ruling high price.
An offer waa mnade for a large quantity
at $4 and $4.50 a pound, but the New Bed-
|} ford man wouldn't sell at the price offered,
| The bone came down from the Arctic
; the next year and was again stored in the
New Bedford bone sheds, and a large
quantity, something like 150,000 pounds,
still remained unsold.

The New Bedford merchant was puzzled
to know why there should have been such
a@ sudden cessation in the demand for |
whalebone. It is a well known fact that
there are many substitutes for whale-
bone, but up to the present time nothing
has been found that can take the place
of the real article in the higher priced cor-
sets and garments.

Mr. Christensen comes forward with a
very good explanation of the stagnation
In the whalebone market. Hoe says that
fast year his firm alone took seven right
whales, the bone of which is nearly as
good as that of the bowhead, which is
considered the prime bone. If his com- | Shetlands,
pany took 5,000 pounds of good, market- |
able whalebone and the other forty-nine |
modern whaling firms took an equal |
amount, which roughly speaking would

we could make fairly long cruises, and
when the shooters killed a whale the
animal would be towed to the waiting
factory in some convenient fiord and

the oil secur@i.

our steamers —shooters and factories—for
several years to places where the whales
are more abundant. We have steamers
now engaged in the business stationed
‘at Faroe Islands, where we take many
whales in the course of a season. Then
with other companies my firm has been
sending steamers down to the South
Georgia and South Shetland islands for
four or five years.

“We had six companies catching whales
with the steamers in 1903, all in the north,

began to be poor. Then we started with

We had heard of the number of whales

whalers that occasionally

“The South Orkney Islands is also on
our list and we have a fishing license
from England for all three places for
, which we pay £100 a year, but owing to
be 250,000 pounds, it can readily be seen | the poor harbors at South Orkney we
how the New Bedford corner in whale- have not been there yet and will reserve
bone has been broken, for Mr. Christensen | that ground until the whaling at the other
says that all the bone taken by the Nor-| islands gives out. There does not seem
wegian companies is shipped to Paris./to be a letup in the number of whales
Not only that, but Mr, Christensen's ships ! at South Georgia or the South Shetlands
gave all the bone from the humpback | yet, and last year there were nineteen
and finback whales, using it for “dun-| Norwegian whaling companies engaged in
nage” to store in between the casks of | the catching of whales at the two islands,
oil on the voyage of the steamers from; «Qur firm had three steamers south,
the South Shetlands and South Georgia | two at South Shetlands and one at South
islands away down below Cape Horn, | Georgia. We had the best year we have
home to Norway. |had since we have been sending our

Mr. Christensen says that he knows! steamers to the far south, Not only have
that a Punta Arenas whaling company | we the shooters and factory steamers
took ninety-three right whales off the} but we have shore stations at the islands,
coast of Patagonia two years ago. The} and in all there is a fleet of steamers that

bone from these whales weighed in the! jeayes Norways each October and comes
neighborhood of 75,000 pounds, | back in May.

Mr. Christensen talked about |

“There were eleven companies at South
modern method of whale fishing while

|

|

which was about the time that the whaling |

our steamers and factories for the south. |

| to be found at South Georgia Island which |
| was reported by the English and American |
visited the)
island, and the same is true of the South |

 

|
|

|
|

We are under big expense, as
The total number of

companies, and by the use of the factory | 1,100 and 1,200 on all the steamers.

“We save the oil from the blubber and
meat of the whales, but throw the tankage
or grease away. We save all the bone
from the right whales, and from the
finners and humpbacks. This latter bone

 

 

 

“M. Francois de Croiaset, part author
of ‘La Passerelle,’ which was played in this
country by Marie Tempest under the title
of ‘The Marriage of Kitty,’ is also one of
our Utopian playwrights who seeks only
in pleasant places for his plays. There is
quite as much talent in the selection of a
play as there is in the writing of it.

“Perhaps the most rollicking and pro-
lifle young writer of bubbling French
comedy is Sacha Guitry, son of the well
known French actor M. Guitry. He is
only 23 years old and seems to be the
gayest of them all. His comedies in-
clude the most amusing of French plays.
They have a spontaneous merriment.
Among the best known of his plays are
‘Le Veilleur de Nuit,’ ‘Mono,’ ‘Un Beau
Mariage’ and ‘Le Mufle.’ The latter is
one of the funniest plays I ever saw. His
gayety is infectious, and he insista upon
the same mood in almost everything he
writes, with unvarying success.

“Paul Bourget, after a career as a
novelist that has established him high up
in the literature of his country, in.the last
three years has written three notable
stage successes in France. His plays are
strong studies of social problems, dramas
of the heart and head.

“Tristan Bernard, the author of ‘L’An-
gilais Telle Que l'on Parle,’ and other
comedy satires, is prominent among these

oung men of eat talent. So is M.
Pierre Weber, who also writes the most:
delicious noveis.

“Pierre Wolff, the author of ‘The
Marionettes,’ ‘Le Lys’ and many original
comedies, is very muoh with this advance

uard of the French stage who are break-

g new ground for the next generation
of playgoers. Paul Hervieu, a charming
writer. and president of the Société des
Auteurs. has written a great play in‘La
Course du Flambeau.’

“And then there are so many, many
more crowding up this ladder of theatrical
fame in France that it is a wonder how
they manage to get a foothold. Those
that I have named are all comfortably
tp) mei on the top. They can go no

igher, they can only insist upon remain-.
ing where they are.

“Most of them are growing in audacity,
which to the French theatregoers is not

| a forbidden aspect of human nature. The
stage trick is now 80 obvious to the French
public that the modern French dramatist
searcely dares to use it. And as te
melodrama, as to the sensational thril
of theatrical device, it has passed out ol
the best theatres.

“The plays that have the long runs in
Paris are still those that are written
around the conflict of love. Plays of
business, of politics, of problems other
than those of emotions are not long lived.”

As Mme. Simone left her dressing room
in the theatre to become La Princesar

Loiniaine, of Rostand’s first play, writter
when he was 28 years old, she said b
way of finality to all other questions:

“And among all these clever men Ros
tand is always the most charming to meet.”

EA IN WHALING

along the shore and the vessels had to] from them to pay us to waste much time! whales—then they would get a better
go off further and further, my father | with.
thought of the floating factory that has | you can readily see.
since come into general use by Norwegian | men at the island last year was between looking up log books with the probable

| price for their high grade sperm oil.
But the attitude of Mr. Christensen in

| intention of invading the fields that have
hitherto been exclusively worked by sail-
ing vessels has set the whaling merchants
| thinking that not only will the modern
whalers kill all the whales near shore
but that they will take a hand in helping

“Whaling has practically ceaged ‘on the | ¥¢ wouldn't save, but we use it between | io clean up the sperm whaling grounds
coast of Norway, and all the whales have | the casks for dunnage, and when we get | and may even invade the bowhead grounds
been killed, and we have been sending out | home we ship it to Paris and it sells for | in the far north,

 

THE 1912 TYPE OF “SHOOTING” WHALER.

 

£20 a ton. We get £23 a ton for our |

oil in England, six barrels to the ton,

| Oil is a trifle lower this year thanit has
| been, but we find a ready market for all we

| catch,

|

|
|
|

|tion out of the old books that will be

“Yes, we are looking for new groundst.
The old records of whaling voyages must
be accurate, for they were kept by exper.
whalemen, and | may get some informa-

useful to my future whaling when the
places where we now are at work have
run dry of whales.”

Mr. Christensen said that this season
there will be at least thirty steamers on
the coast of Africa, and that this included
the east and west coasts. There are

 

 

A Governor's Limitations.

From the Cleveland Plain Dealer,

“The queerest talk lever had over the
telephone,” confided Myron T. Herrick just
before he left us, “was down in Columbus,
when | had the honor of being Governor
of thia State.

“L was about to retire for the night when
a local reporter rang me up, You must
know that 1 had been reported dead that
evening, | was in the best of health, as a
matter of fact, but it was said that | had
gone the way of all flesh. On this last call
| answered the phone myself.

“Mr, Herrick’s residence?’

“Yes, sir.’

aint he dead?’

NO.

“Do you think he will die to-night?’

“| do not,’

“Well, if he does, will you answer the

Shetlands and eight at South Georgia last
season, and the prospect that more will
grounds, and as this isbut a short run out} “The shooting of whales from small | be there the next few years is excellent.
from Bahia the steamers of the new Bra-| boats was started in Norway as early | Fach
zilian company will undoubtedly make | 48 1860, when Svend Foyn, a Norwegian,
a try for the whales left by the New Bed-| tried the experiment and it proved to
ford ships. be a success," he said, “My father, Chris-| steamers of 5,000 to 6,000 tons. There are
While the modern whaling companies! tensen Christensen, engaged in the busi-| sixty to eighty men on each of the fac-
may not come into direct competition | ness as early as 1865 and the bow guns tories, while the shooters carry a crew
with the New Bedford whaling firms in! were used exclusively.
the matter of oil, they certainly do come |
into competition with them in the matter

}/numerous stations along the coast of
| Africa where Norwegian companies seek
whales. This year the Norwegian com-
panies will send steamers to the whaling
grounds around Australia and New Zea-
land, and the Solander grounds may be
worked. Their steamers have been down
to the desolate Kerguelen, or Desolation
Island, away down in the southern Indian
Ocean, and have taken a try at Hurds
Island, even further south,

It will readily be seen that the modern
whalers clean up a lot of money when
it is stated that the catch of the companies
at South Georgia and South Shetlands

‘pany to be stationed at Bahia, Brazil,
itter a trip down to Washington

1 New Bedford he went to New York
took a steamer for Brazil. After
the new company started he will

and right whaling grounds it is inferred |to the Brazil banks and to the Abrohlos| in New Bedford,
that the modern whalers are about to
invade the fields of the old time sperm
whaling vessels, and it was with some
concern that the whaling merchants
heard of Mr. Christensen's New Bedford
visit and his search after whaling logs. |
The old time whaling merchants
guarded their log books carefully and took
care that none of their rival firms had
access to these old journals of whaling
voyages. If a whaling master discovered
new grounds with a good catch of whales
he would seldom tell anybodf but his

phone and tell me?’
“lt won't be possible in that case,’
“lt won't, eh? Well, get somebody on

company has three shooting fe fine that can help me out—you are use-

steamers and one factory. The shooters

“Ll acknowledged my limitations,” con-
are 105 feet long, while the factories are

tinued our new Ambassador, “and sent the
cook to see if she could do better,”

 

 

Chickens 11 Days Under Snow.
From the Topeka Capital,

F. P. Darby of Clay Centre writes of a
unique experience with chickens during
the recent snow period as follows:

Wednesday, while my wife was trying to
get her clothesline prop out of a big snow-
drift, an old hen poked her head out of the

of|
ten men each,

“The whaling was known as the Norway “Our factory steamers have big tanks
style and we took everything near the|jin which the oil is kept, and the catch
of whalebone, that product which comes} coast of Norway that we came .acroas) Jast year not only included the oil from
from the jaws of the right, bowhead, | in the manner of whales, and towed them j the humpback and finbacks we took,
humpback and finback whales. Less than ashore to whaling stations and tried out; but besides we secured 5,000 or 6,000 casks

 

owners about his good fortune, and lucky

 

eae eects eel age aan gaiaaietansahe
ee en

five years ago a New Pedford whaling |all the blubber and meat, and extracted | of seal oil. Yes, we take everything in | 6old last year for $3,883,388, This was for| opposite side of the drift. After looking
indeed was the person who could look | firm, William Lewis & Son, had a corner! every ounce of oil to be found. We| the line of fish or animal that we think | the oil alone. around a while the hen flew to the barn,
over a private journal kept on board a | on the whalebone market, having secured | didn't save the meat for food, as has been there is any oil to be got out of, and have| New Bedford whaling merchants have | about fifty yards aw ar. whe. had ¢ n
whaleship. the entire catch of the northern or Arctic| said, nor did we take anything but the) even taken a try at the sea elephants, but | taken the ground that the sooner the pager pe ney sorer ant sere “unaer dea
Many of the old log books have been | whaling fleet. In the storehouses at New | best bone from the occasional right whale | that kind of fishing hardly pays us, for | modern or shore whalers caught all the | snow some four er five feet, The hens were
destroyed, while others found their way | Bedford there were over 200,000 pounds, ! we captured. the elephants have to be killed on shore|humpbacks and finbacks, and possibly a! right ud seemed Tue. plag tg got 9
to the junk pile after the decease of the worth over a million dollars at the ruling’ “As the whales began to grow scarce | and the oi] does not come fast enough! sulphur bottoms—the cheaper grade oil i

)
=
ea
5 little sigh, as her lips grew scarlet with aj love ‘Le Viel Homme.’ His plays have in
- touch of carmine and the eyes stared a!-/them all of life, the grave and gay, the
most expressionless at the process. tragic and amusing episodes of character.
“Often when I was playing in Rostand's| They are classics of the modern school,
‘Chantecler’ and I could see the red cal-| classical in their analysis of destiny, in|
cium light that represented the rising of | their unconquerable inevitableness of |
the sun on the stage I have felt that. In| human law. He is about 61 years old, and
the distances that lie between the illusions | though there may be a gray streak of em- | ‘ 6
and the delusions of life the poets can| bitterment in his plays that is foreign fo | pee aan POG OES aE et ture before your eyes so that he may
live, suppose, but the actors have no such | the easy going French nature, still his | of Greek tragedy is behind their mask of | sensitive flashes of a French play may paes | student ‘of social conditions, of cause| show you the changes, and sometimes
reftige. Tt is quite Mysterious how some | plays will live forever. M. Porto-Riche |modern gayety or cyniciam. There may | unseen by any but a French ardience, and effect making order in the gonfusicn | the explosions
nights one feels inspired. The familiar|is an important figure in Paris, a dis-| pe people in the world who have never’) “Among the contemporaneous French, of emotional life. ‘Les Fossiles’ is a ral “De Flers et Callavet, whose translated
~
A
“
.
a
«a
a
ind
ind
. Betting
leave for his home in Norway and leave
Mr. Freng in charge as manager.
i, or San Salvador, the capital of
's State of the same name, is beautifully
~ r'uated in an elevated position on the
4 ! land forming the east side of the
entra to All Saints Bay, immediately
“ Cape San Antonio, The whale
Nahe of Bahia were once the greatest
\ world, and considerable numbers
of los are still caught in the neighbor-
e +. This fact induced Mr. Chris-
'lisen toa accept the management of the
Hragilan whaling company and give it
u nefit of his experiences in the new
Methods @ round each hen as large as a bushel basket,