a bie

RN a eee

sae

ee ae

on

—

 

SEEING THEM OFF TO EUROPE

‘ ra ees sa ee
Latest Diversion:of New York Life Pro.

vided by the Change in the Sailing
Hour of the Cunarders. |

|
|
The midnight sailings recently: adopted | ® Once a phalanx of joy breathing diners, |
by the Cunard people have produced some |no moth in this delegation, hove unoer- |
curious changes. As a rule the crowds tainly into sight. There were only twenty |
that flock to the steamers under the fond of them; but the pier, down which a regi- |
delusion that they are speeding the part-|ment might march with ease, was too |
ing friend have been larzely feminine. | narrow for their peregrinations and their |
But this change to the hour of 1 A. M. has | bosoms were bursting with song. They
wiped out the daughters of daylight and | explained betweén wonderful cadenzas
has substituted large and occasionally | that they had come down to see one of |

well lighted up constellations of midnight
eons.

As some one was overheard: to remark
last Tuesday night in the main com-
panionway of the Lusitania:

“This is the greatest scene of manima-

 

MIDNIGHT SONS,

 

——

tion since the basoball+season closed last
fall.”

When the company Cecided to advance
the sailing hour of its three Liverpool
liners a clean nine hours it was not from
any desire to furnish New York life with
anovel and picturesque seature. But that
is what it Neilie off
under the new arrangement is like an
unreal! dream of an oid familiar experience.

Even outside the pier the strangeness
begins. Instead of the turmoil of traffic
that fills West street in the daytime the
great wide place is d sserted except for
the motors and taxis which line up in in-
creasing numbers as the night advances.
Last Tuesday the whole city was wrapped
in fog. By midnight the space in front
of the piers was blanketed jn thick white
mist, through which flery eyed monsters
glared in drawn lines.

Upstairs on the pier the acres of echoing
epace were almost empty. But now and
then goregous night moths floated lazily
Gewn toward the hooded (gangway;
wemnmm @ bright array, diamond, or
nees-dingmam?), fillets in their hair, gleam-
ing buek!es on their slippers. Each one

has doug. Seog

was attended by a group of top hatted, fully but had to buck guch rough weather served without question.

evening clothed men.

 

MR. OWEN PEP

| their number off and they remained firm |

, but to do the passengers themselves a

 

in this determination in spite of persiat- |
ent inability to decide which member of
the party was to go.

The real reason why the hour of sailing
has been changed was not to afford a new
after theatre diversion to New Yorkers,

 

good turn at the other end of the voyage.
Nine-tenths of them have been landing
at Fishguard, Asa rule when they have |
sailed from New York at 10 o'clock
Wednesday morning they have reached |
Fishguard late the following Monday after- |

 

“SOME AMERICAN BEAUTIES.”

 

 

noon. A five hour railway journey
has then brought them into London in
the middle of the night.

Naturally enough nobody was enthusi-
astic about this. Some of the passengers
took their pens in hand to plead for a
change. !t was one of the pursers that
suggested that the night before sailing is
really wasted time and that it might
just as well be utilized.

The ship is coaled and ready by Tues- |
day evening. Passengers really can ac- |
complish nothing but sleep between mid-
night and morning. So the boat was
opened to them in the evening and the |
hour of sailing put at 2 A. M. “subject!
to the discretion of the commander.” |

Apparently everybody approved ex- |
cept the weather clerk. The first sailing
under the new schedule was by the Lusi-
tania three weeksago. She got off beauti- |

 

 

===

Spectacular Exit of Mr. James Pettingill From
the Arkansas» City Saloon and His Welcome

Back.

Had a casual pedestrian been passing
along the levee in front of old man Green-
law's saloon in Arkansas City at the time
wf the exit therefrom of Mr. James Pet-
tingill, better known among bis intimates
as Jim Petty, his attention would prob-
ably have been fixed rather upon old man
Greenlaw himself than upon Mr. Pet-
tingill, spectacular as was the latter's
appearance at the moment. ‘It would
have seemed better worth while to ob-
serve the propelling force than the sub-
ject of the propulsion, -

Moreover, the pedestrian, though he
might possibly have deplored the cir-
cumstances which had led a gentleman
of a philosophical turn of mind to abandon
himself to an outburst of temper, would
have been forced to admire the thorough-
neas with which he had so abandoned
himself and the unquestionable capacity
with which he applied himself to the
work in hand.

And still more would he have admired
the complacency with which the old man
viewed the result of his effort and the
fluency and vigor with which he addressed
a few parting remarks to Mr. Pettingill
as the latter picked himself up with some
difficulty from the mud of the street
and slowly and painfully walked away.

As the old man stood watching him It’

was easy to see that he was dominated
by strong and varied emotions, The
indignation that had stirred him to such
strenuous action was atill rampant. For
a moment it seemed as if he were about
to give chase to the halting fugitive and
perpetrate additional indignities upon
him. Then appeared a lofty complacency
evidently the outcome
achievement, and finally the satisfaction
of a true philosopher who has perceived a
eibject on which he can express himself
at length in an exalted strain.

*Sho' does beat all,” he observed,
turning back into his saloon and address-
ing a emall group of gentlemen who sat
inside watching the proceedings with
much interest. “Sho' does beat all how a
man what's done been somebody e'n
accomplish his own degradation if he
seta out fo’ to do it.

“There's that Jim Petty. ‘Pears like
‘tain’t no time at all since he were a man
o' good standin’ into the c'munity, havin’
e'nsidable means b'longin' to his wife,
an’ mo’ 'r less influence asa citizen,'long
o° bein’ a tol'able good poker’ player,
like he sho’ was, an’ a lib'ral spender.

“An’ now look at him! 'Pears like a man
is low down enough when there's others
e'n chuck missiles 0’ one kind or a ‘other
at him with impunity, but when he gets
so 's 't anybody c'n use him fo' a missile,
his own self, ‘pears like he can't get much
mo' low downer. An’ I sho’ done that to
him, an’ serve him right onder the cir-
cumestants,

*Must a been three or fo’ years now
he's been drinkin’ a heap mo’ 'n a man
had oughter when he can't stand no mo’
‘n Jim Petty can't. He's been comin’ in
here steady all that time, throwin’ hia
money ‘round like 'twan't no use to him,

of successful |

THE LITTLE MAN—SARANIN'S

an' growin’ poorer an’ poorer all the
time till the eend ‘pears to done come
at last.

“I done been lookin’ fo’ it fo’ some
time, an’ I knowed if the time come when
he was to ast me fo’ to give him credit
it'd be up to me fo’ toact promp’. If I
didn't I'd lose money, bein’ he’s done
spent all his wife had. An’ sho’ 'nough
he comes in here to-day an’ says he's broke,
but he wants his liquor, same’s usual.
If I hadn't a-throwed him out Ike I had
he'd a run up a bill onto me, an’ there
wouldn't ‘a’ been no way o’ c'lectin’ of it.

“I reckon he hain't got no sense o’ shame.
"Pears like he'd oughter had mo’ moral
character 'n to go into a place where he's
done spent thousands o' dollars an’ try
to get credit fo’ a measly two bits. Wanted
@ seegyar an’ a drink both at oncet.

“Shows how a man's got to keep his eye
peeled. As the Good Book says, ‘Him that's
diligent {n business prospers, but him
that's slack busta.’ If I'da let that there
yap start a account mo’ 'n like I'd lose th’
hull on't.”

“Oh, I don't know," sald Mr. Owen
Pepper.

It was Mr. Pepper's habit, after begin- [

ning his utterances with his favorite
phrase, to continue his remarks with
something of an explanatory nature, but
on this occasion he stopped short and
looked around with a pleasant amile, as
if absolutely assured that for once he had
aroused sufficient curlosity to'stay the
violence which ordinarily followed his
attempts at conversation. And in this’
he was not mistaken.

Old man Greenlaw's reasoning had

 

 

Continued from Seveenth Page.

 

|

was powerless in her powerful arms.
“Pigmy, you are In my power.
do with you whatever I please. 1 can |
put you into my pocket. How dare you |
oppose me? I don't care about your rank, |

'

I will}

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 2%, 1912.

 

the advantage of the nine hours gain
at the start. However, sho would have
been just that much later anyway. Next
came the Mauretania, which left her pier
at the early morning hour all right enough
but found a blank wall of fog down the
bay. She anchored there and did not
cross the bar until hours later.

When last Tuesday night came with
another thick fog which held the Lusitania
at the pier until daylight and cheated the
ship of half the planned for gain of nine
hours, everybody felt that the weather
clerk must have satisfied his grudge
and that titerally there would be clear
sailing from now on. If there is, the ship
will reach Fishguard in the morning so
that passengers will be due at London in
the afternoon.

This was the main object in making the |

change. But the harassed ship's officers
also hoped that it might diminish the
crowds of farewellers who cram the com-
panionways of every departing steamer.
They have accomplished this to a sur-
prising extent considering the fact that
they made one fatal mistake.
nounced that passengers would be served
with a buffet supper between 9 A.M. and

midnight! An innocent enough proposition |

but attended with startling results.
Although “passengers” were specified
as those to whom this buffet supper was
offered the matter did not stop there by
any means. At the first of the night sailing
anybody that walked into the first class
dining saloon and ordered supper was

 

seemed so logical, and his course of ac-
tion 6o natural urider the circumstances

thaf the others in the room had watched
the recent occurrences with a feeling that
the climax in their fellow townsman's
affairs was in no way surprising and that
it called for no special comment, But
the suggestion that lay in Mr. Pepper's
remark was enough to set them wonder-

have been some mistake.

Old man Greenlaw was plainly dis-
turbed. It is true that he had instino-
tively turned toward the corner where his
bungstarter stood when he heard the
sound of Mr. Pepper's voice, but his
second thought came quickly, and con-
trolling himself with an effort he spoke
with less asperity than usual.

“Mebbe,” he said, “there mought be
somepin’ mo' into what yo' all was goin’
to gay nor there gen'ly is when a wild
asa o' the wilderness gets a hee-hawin’.
| If yo’ all reely knows anythin’ 'bout Jim
| Petty what's impo'tant I reckon it
| mought be wuth hearin,’ but if yo’ don't
know nothin’ like yo’ says yo' don't I
reckon yo'd better keep yo’ trap shut.”

“Oh, I don't know,” said Mr. Pepper.
“I hai'nt heer'd nothin’ ‘bout Pettingill
recent, but I done heer'd how Mrs. Pet-
tingill’s uncle done died last week, leavin’
o’nsid’'able prop'ty. ‘Pears th’ ain't no
kin but her, an’ bein's Jim's al'ays had

how-—"

“Pettingill hain't never been onder-
stood in this here o'munity,” interrupted
the old man, greatly agitated. “An’
‘pears like I mought a been some hasty
when I was jokin’ with him just now. If
he hadn't a let his temper get the best of
him as suddent as he done an' went away
80 precip'tate we'd come to a onder-
standin’ quick enough.

“But I never seen such a ungrateful
set o' houns as yo' uns ‘pears to be. Mr,

They an- |

The Lusitania |
_allMhe way across that she more than lost pmowercs, who are atill telling the story of ' of lights, its white capped attendants’

SUPPER ON THE COMPANY.

| that night, incline to the belief that they
| fed half the inhabitants of New York, but
| the real facts are that they served about
| twice as many persons as were on the
| entire list of saloon passengers.

| Ag fully half the bona fide passengers

did not avail themselves of the ship's
‘hospitality in the matter of supper it is

easy to figure who did clean out the larders

that time, People who not only were not
| sailing themselves but did not even know
anybody that was going turned up with
| fine healthy appetites. Some of the pas-
sengers saw in the free buffet feature

a glowing opportunity to treat their

friends to a farewell supper and un-

hesitatingly did so. One pair of passengers
| entertained a little party of only twenty
| friends.

The ynexpected vigor of this onslaught
was met with equanimity. Everybody
| that so much as looked hungry was fed.
But before another Tuesday night came
around a system of issuing cards to actual
passengers was introduced, and, while
a reasonable quota of friends is still being
regaled at the company's expense, there are
no unattended cohorts from the high-
ways and byways sitting like deadheadsat
the feast.

In spiie of this curtailment of hos-
pitality, the dining saloon of the Lusitania

 

eleven and twelve on Tuesday night.

Anything more unlike the usual seeing-off .
crowd it would be hard to imagine. Not!

8@ much bon voyage and a good deal more
bon vivant in this picture, with ite blaze

R DOES THE OLD

Th’ ain't one on yo' what hain’t drinked
at his 'xpense, hundreds o'times, an’ yet
when yo’ seen him come in here, sufferin’
fo' a drink there wa'n't one on yo’ man
}enough fo’ to speak up an’ ask him to
have it on yo’. ‘Pears like yo’ is all
plumb heartless, It makes me blush fo’
my eex.”

| “Well, of all the dod-gasted drivel 't

‘ing whether, after all, there might not) I ever heer'd,” began Jake Winterbottom,

| but the old man gave him no opportunity
to talk. Continuing his own remarks in
a powerful voice, he said:

“But o' co'se, bein's the thing's done
been did, th’ ain't nothin’ to do but to
‘fetch him back. Yo’ all better go a'ter
him Joe, an’ reason with him.

“Yo' 'd oughter '‘pologize firat off fo’
not takin’ no notice o’ what he was sayin’
‘bout his necessities, an’ tell him what if
yo'd understood him first off yo'd a set
‘em up fo’ him, same as me, or anybody
‘else in the house. Tell him I was on'y
jokin’, anyway, an' how I was out deep
to see him take it serious like he done,
an’ go off in a huff, when I was ready to
| explain things friendly.

“Tell him-—oh, tell him anythin’ yo'
e'n think of to get him to come back.
If his wife is done got mo’ prop'ty we
juns needs him'‘in our business. Mo'n
‘likely he c'n be got to play poker ag’in.
He useter play frequent, afo' he run

| thespendin’ o' what she had I was thinkin’ | through what money she done had.”

But the others sat silent while he urged
| this line of action, and when he paused
for breath Bassett said with great scorn:

“I'd like my job, not. If yo’ all reckons
Jim Petty’s Hable fo’ to come back here
|a'ter yo all done man handled him like
|yo’ sho’ done I reckon yo’ all is the one
to reason with him. I ain't no such of
a gifted lar as yo’ all 'pears to need.”
| “Then yo’ all 'Il have to go, Jake,” said
the old man, now almost reduced to tears
by his urgent desire to rectify his serious

 

at the buffet, {te supper parties of men
and women in evening clothes. The strains
of the orchestra were punctuated with the
popping of corks and champagne flowed
instead of the usual tears, while the busy
stewards dodged neatly ‘around sundry
impulsive persons who couid not refrain |
from drinking their farewell toasts stand-
ing.
If it had not been for the supper and the
picturesque sprinkling of evening Lael
ment the whole affair would have been so
quiet that the departure of a suburban
theatre train would have seemed madly ex-
citing in comparison. Dozens of the pas-
sengers came aboard and went almost
immediately to their staterooms not to)
reappear. Instead of the usual crowd)
blocking the decks and companionways |
until literally driven off the boat at the
last minute the leavetaking was distributed |
through several hours. People came down,
stayed fifteen or twenty minutes, said
good-by and went home. :
The first cali of “Ail ashore!* was given |
as early as 12 o'clock and inside of half an
hour the ship was practically clear of |
visitors. Not only did they go ashore |
but most of them kept right on going.
Probably some of the wise ones knew |
that the fog would not permit the vessel |

did not seem to be influenced by that |
| consideration. They just didn't care
enough about watching their friends dis-
appear into the night to stand around

 

  

| pier beiag lined with a mass of pushing. |
| waving, gesticulating men, women and
| children it was quiet and almost as|
deserted as a Sunday morning in Wall |
street, The only group of any size was,
a party that had come down to say good. |
by to the Russian cantor Sirota and his
companiors. They appeared to have
adopted “Never give up theship!” as their |
motto and at a late hour were still at the
pier end of the gangway exchanging an
inexhaustible supply of farewells with |
their friends at the rail. |
The only passengers that seemed to be |
hard hit by the new sailing hour were some
of the maids and valets. Apparently
they had been told to take the light
luggage down and wait for their masters
and mistresses, who then spent theevening

a

 

MIDNIGHT

 

to be something partfoularly distur, ing
to these untutored minds in the situa...
And when their masters came careless,
aboard with a friend or two from the
club, or their mistresses sparkled into
view just as they had come from tha
opera, the waiting minions hardly knew
whether to be relieved or aggrieved

The company did hope that the new
sailing hour would diminish the numbeg
of belated passengers who are always
hauled in along with the gangway or who
madly pursue the vessel down the hay
in hideously hooting tugboats. But ao
far it aeems to have had just the opposite
effect. People are not used to regarding '
punetuality as a nocturnal virtue. Nobody
missed the boat the other night. When
it lingers several hours after its sailing

THE LAST SUPPER.

 

 

at the opera, or the theatre, or in having a
final sip of social joys ashore, The ser- |
vanta were calm enbugh at first. But
when midnight came but no insster or
mistress,jthey gathered infagitated groups

passages with an inextricable confusion
of French, English and Japanese excla-
mations.

Of course there was no more danger |

| time nobody can miss a boat, not even

a man.

For men are really the worst sinners
{n this respect. Women, according to the
ship's officers, are almost always aboury

| to leave as scheduled, but most of them | in the corridors and choked those narrow | with a comfortable margin of time to
was the liveliest part of the ship between |

spare. For one thing they generally pian
& voyage well in advance. Men are more
likely to sail on short notice. And Judging
from the experience so far under the new

on the dock and see them do it; not even! of missing a 1 A. M. boat at midnight | arrangement more of them than ever

if the ship had left at the hour scheduled

than of missing a1 P. M. boat et noon.

 

before will present themseives at the

The consequence was that instead of the Not half so much in fact. But there sce ned | last minute asking for accommodation.

MAN A’ FRIENDLY TURN

jit he hadn't a needed a drink pow’'fu!
bad, an’ all 't yo’ need do is to buy him
fome. I'] put up money enough fo' to
buy him all he wants an’ ‘ater he's done
got some juicy mebbe he'll be mo’ in-
clined fo’ to listen to reason.

“Stake him fo’ a game o' poker, too,
an' then a'ter we done got him to set in
yo uns wants to see to it how he wins a
reas'nable amount. Th’ ain't no question
of 'xpense had oughter stand in the way o'
gettin’ him back when yo’ come to o’n-
sider this here new prop'ty what Mis’
Pettingill is done fell heir to. We uns
hain't had no such chanst as this fo' a

hellova while.”
But Winterbottom contemptuously re-
fused to consider the proposition for even
a moment, saying that he “wa'n't pullin’
no mules outer no mud holes when they
was that haidstrong what they done
mired thelr own selfs with their eyes wide
| open,” and the old man's anxiety became
pitiable.

He appealed next to Blaisdell, and then
to Sam Pearsa]], pleading earnestly with
| ther to bestir themselves in view of the
richness of the prize that was so plainly
in sight, but when Blaisdell jeered him
jane Pearsall would not even reply to his
arguments he cursed them collectively
and bitterly for a set of “persillanimous
pikers what wouldn't do nothin’ to'ds
keepin’ up the business what they fed
onto.”

And he declared that as ruin now stared

him in the face he would retire from busi-
| ness and wipe the mud of Arkansas City
| “f'm offen his feet and hie him to a brew-
ery, where he could at least spend his
| declinin’ years in peace.”

Then Mr, Owen Pepper spoke.

“Oh, I don't know,” he said. “I reckon
| mebbe there's somepin' better'n that
e'n be did. Jim Pettingill an' meisal'ays
| been tol’able good friends, amif anybody
'e'n do anythin’ with him it’s mo'n likely

| Tecan.
“'Pears like

 

es , ae if I was to get him d
Pettingill never came in here afo' in his! mistake. “It 'd oughter be easy enough. | drunk first off an’ then Stake him tena
life 'thouten settin' 'em up fo' the house | “He wouldn't a come in askin’ fo credit poker game, like yo'all was sayin’, 1 o'n

 

 

 

lcome tol'abls nigh fetchin’ him ‘round. '
Then yo' uns c'n tel! him as many lies 's
vo’ like, an’ if yo’ has the sense fo’ to let
him win mo’ 'r less of a wad, like yo’
was also sayin’, looks like he'd keep a
comin’ back 's long's that there prop'ty
lasts.”

“Pepper,” exclaimed the old/man with

eat enthusiasm, “me an’ yo'll have a
drink. Th’ is times when yo’ all sho’ does
‘pear fo' to have almost human intelli-
gence.” And setting forth a bottle andtwo
glasses he waved the others back with
a disdainful gesture. First he drank with
Mr. Pepper, then gave hima handful of
cigars and then put a s.zab'e roll of bills
in hie hand

“Whatever yo' do,” he seid earnestiy,
“don't let him get ewer with no felse
‘mpressions. Make him onderstand how
we uns is jist as good friends o' hisn as
we al'ays has been. God knows that
ain't no lie.”

And Mr. Pepper started out on
mission, leaving the others somewhat
shamefaced over their own defection,
but offering to make bets with the old
man, with some odds, against his ever

his

seeing Pettingill, Pepper or his money
again. But the old man, considering
that he had already staked enongh

on the venture, refused to bet, and they
sat smoking in silence for a good port
of the evening

Then Mr. Pepper reappeared in com-

any with the man he had gone after
Judging from appearances he had per-
formed the first part of his errand with
entire success, for Mr. Pettingill showed
‘no recollection of having been in the
place before, but on the contrary urgec
the company with hilarious hospitality
to drink at his expense, showing his money
as he did so.

They drank with him, making no effort
to conceal the gratification they felt at
seeing him again, and in the course of a
friendly conversation somebody proposed
a sociable game of poker.

As old man Greenlaw_ seldom joined
the game in person and Mr. Pepper had
no burning desire to sit in, knowing the
party as well as he did, it was a five handed
game that was presently begun And
as Mr. Pettingill called for a $20 stack
of chips, offering the cash to pay for
them, the others each took a similar stack.

While they played old man Greenlaw
and Mr. Pepper sat in the barroom ex-

QUAINT FINALE

The young man drew out his pocket- | Now he would angrily shake his fists at} of a mosquito. But his words were in-; would end. They were satisfied with

book and counted 200 rubles.

“That isn't enough!" shouted Aglaya.

The young man smiled. He took out
another hundred ruble bill.

“Il am not authorized to give you more
than 800,” he said gently. “You will get

| the boys who laughed at him.
There was a crowd in front of Strigal
| & Co.'s windows.

audible,
Little people may speak, but their)
squeaking is not heard by people of large |

| the present.

It seemed that there would |
never be an end to the golden rain that
was falling upon them. But the end!

The clerks in the store of Strigal &| proportions, neither by Aglaya, nor by! came—the most natural end.

Co. were overworked.
The workrooms of Strigal & Co. were

1 will give you such a drubbing that you | the next payment in a month from now.” | crowded with orders.

will be scared out of your wits.”

“I will make a complaint against you!® |
screamed Saranin, |

But he soon realized the uselessnoss of |
his resistance. He was too small, and it!
seemed as though Aglaya was ready to
use all her force.

“That's enough, that’s enough,” he
cried. “I am going to Strigal's Staaaa |
I am going to sit there—to your own dis- |
grace, I will put on all my regalia.”

Aglaya burst into laughter.

“You will put on whatever Strigal will
give you,” she said.

She dragged her husband out into the
drawing room, Then she pushed him
to the clerk and shouted:

“Take him! Take him away at once!
And give me the money in advance!
Every month!*

| Her words§jwere hysterical outcries,

Saranin was running around in the
room,

“In the window! In the window!" he
kept screaming. “Accursed Armenian,
what have you done to me?”

And he grew smaller by two inches.

x,

The tears and grief of Saranin—what

had Strigal & Co. to do with these?

Strigal & Co. were in their glory.
Strigal & Co. enlarged their workrooms.
Strigal & Co. were growing rich.
Strigal & Co. were buying houses,
Strigal & Co, were magnanimous—they

| were feeding Saranin in royal style, and
| they gave plenty of money to his wife.

Aglaya was getting 1,000 rubles a
; Month,
| Aglaya also had new acquaintances, new

Strigal nor by hiscompany, Agiaya, sur- |
rounded by the clerks, heard the scream
, and squeak of a man. She roared with
| laughter and walked away,
| Saranin was brought back tothe win-
dow, where, as in a nest of soft material,
a whole house was arranged for him, and
the public could see it. |
The street urchins could see how the!
| little man sat down at the table and com- |
‘menced to write complaints and petitions |
i> little petitions about his rights, of which |
he had been deprived by Agiaya and |

They had paid and they now asserted | admirers and diamonds and carriages and | Strigal & Co, |

their rights~the cruel rights of capital.

Under the rights of capital the Aulic
Councillor and Cavalier occupied a posi-
tion in keeping with his physical propor-
tions, but not at all in proportion to his
pride. The Lilliputian, dressed accord-

ing to the latest fashion, was running! him and fed him as a bird with her finger. |

around in the window otf the fashionable

store. Now he would look at the heau- tiny steps upon the table and was squeak-
tiful women who seemed so enormous! | ing. His voice was shrill, like the buzzing

!a house, ;
| Aglaya was cheerful and contented. petitions into envelopes, The boys were | was not to be found anywhere.

She grew even stouter than before, She
wore shoes with high heels and hats of
gigantic proportions.

While visiting her husband she petted

He was writing. Then he put the
roaring with laughter.

In the meantime Aglaya got into her
splendid carriage and went out for a
drive before her dinner,

Saranin was growing ever smaller and
smaller. Every day they made for him
several new suits, each smaller than the
other.

And suddenly, before the eyes of the!
astonished clerks who had just put his!
new trousers on him, he became extremely
small. He fell out of his trousers. He
now was no larger than a pinhead.

A light draught came and Saranin,
as small as a grain of dust, was lifted
up in the air, Then he commenced to |
whirl about and he mingled with a mass
of dancing grains of dust in a sunbeam.

Then he vanished.

All pursuits were in vain, Saranin

Aglaya, Strigal & Co., the police, the
clergy, the authorities—all were perplexed,

How was the disappearance of Saranin
he formally characterized?
Finally, at the suggestion of the Academy

to

meneoee | of Science, it was decided to consider
Saranin in a frock coat was running with | XI. him as one sent away on a scientific ex-
Neither Aglaya nor Strigal & Co. gave pagion, was forgotte
@ thought as to how the wh Y ad of favenin,
es 0 whole alfair| ‘That was the end of

 

j ters had replaced

chanying congratulations on the success
of their strategy, and while the old man
treated his accomphee to a number cf
drinks and gave him a handful of choice
cigars he repeatedly assured him that
he would never forget Mr. Pepper's kind-
ness and that he, Mr. Pepper, would always
he sure of a welcome in Arkargas ! il)
in the future, even if there had Leen some
pairful episodes in the past.

“Oh, 1 cont know,” said Mr. Pepper,
as if somewhat doubtful of the prospect
after he had listened a while. “Looks
to me like the best way fo’ to settle this
here matter is onio a cash basis. | ain't
no hand fo' to bank on futures.

“I sho’ hae did yo’ all a favor, an’ it
looks vike the best way fo’ vo’ all to show,
‘preciation is fo’ tu loan me somepi
The s200, I done got a p'tic'lar_use fo’
just that much money this week.”

“Make it $100,” said the old man with
considerable presence of mind. “Mo'n
Likely this here game in the back room ‘Il
stand me in fo’ to lose another hundred,
an’ that’s ‘bout as fur's!! c'n affo'd just
now.”

And after some chafing the matter
was settied on that basis, atter which
Mr. Pepper deparied for the night.

Possibly half an hour later the party
in tae back roum broke up and Mr. Pettin-
gill proceeded to cash in what chips had
been in use in the game® It appeared
that he had had a remarkable run of lick,
and though he was anxious to continue
playing the others had refused.

The old man paid him the money cheer-
fully, congratulated him on his winnings
and expressed the earnest “hope that he
would come in often and play. Mr. Pettin-
gill assured him that he would do so
and after a farewell drink he also de-
parted, leaving a well satisfied company
behind

“Oh, I don't know,” said Mr. Owen
Pepper when he met Mr. Pettingill at the
boat landing half an hour later. “! reckon
vo’ all done tol'able well. Half o' t
yo’ done win ‘I! do me fo’ my share, an
if yo’ all has sense yo'll take my advice
an’ go on down the river _a piece afo
them pirates finds out how Mr. Pettingill
hain't never had no uncle.”

A Miraculous Transformation.
From le Cri de Paria.
A cul de jatte who has but one arm may

| ’
| be found every morning before daylight at

a street crossing, where he solicits the
generosity of the passersby who are moved
by excess of his afflictions, Toward mit
day, his receipt of cash being satisfactory
and deeming the moment propitious, the
street being deseried, he unhooks the false
sleeve from his shoulder and there emerges
from under his coat a perfectly normal,
true arm

After that he raisea himself upon his
hands and unfolds the legs that are doh!
under him and which have nothiny artificial
about them, as by their aid he disappears
quickly. Those of our readers who may be
interested in this modern cripple may find
him in.good weather on the stairs at Madrid
and Rocher streets, If they will hide he-
hind the windows of a neighboring house
some minutes before noon they will s¢¢
this miraculous transformation,

Scarlet Forehead Bands for Royalty’s
Horses.
From the Pall Mall Gazette

The King, who last season inaug rated
the custom of riding in Hyde Park of ®
morning, which no sovereign has done
since early Victorian days, is, unlike moss
sailors, a very good horseman

The horses of the royal family are usuall?

distinguished by scarlet forehead hands
al

nd it is on record that his late Majest!
was greatly amaved on noticing one mor
ing that a certain financier and his a4)
ters_ had adorned their horses’ heads ,
the “"Yoval seartet The very nest slay &
was seen that the Prince and his daust
the scarlet toreu

— by plain black leather,