THE SUN,

«

\ aoe

SUNDAY, |

 

PARKWAY
ST. LOUIS

  

Architect Burnham Originator of the Movement—
Brooklyn Preening Itself Under the Direction

BY COURTE

of Edward H. Bennett—American Cities May
Soon Rank With Those of the Old World in

Attractiveness.

Making cities beautiful has come at!

last to he recognized in this country as an
architect's job. It may involve engi-

neering, landscape gardening, problems of |

transportation, even questions of sanita-
tion, as well as the broad aspects of munic-

ipal administration, but when reduced to |

ite essential terms the first and last word
is that of an architect with a prophetic
mind and an imaginative temperament.
Brooklyn ia the latest American com-
munity—city, one might say—to take up
externa] improvement, and by the advice
of the great leader in such work in the
United States, Daniel H. Burnham, it has
called in Edward H. Bennett of Chicago,
who himself is one of the leaders in what
might be termed the second generation
of city beautifiers in this country.

Altogether there “are more than sixty
cities in the United States engaged in the
study and some atage of the work of city
planning. The purpose is not only to make
these cities comely and attractive from
the standpoint of art and architecture,
but to provide for reasonable growth, so
that there will be one or more civic cen-
tres, each with radiating streets and har-
monious structures on them. A prime
necessity of such planning is to provide
highways that will obviate congestion in
the civio centres for years and years to
come and to make these centres and the
highways leading from them beautiful
and useful.

The West has taken the lead in this
work. The task of planning such improve-
ments has become a distinct profeesicn,
a sort of graduate or advanced branch of
architecture. A dozen men are leading
in it and practically they are all graduates,
if the term may be used, of Daniel H.
lurnham's workshop, or better yet, the
Burnham School of Architecture for
(ities. Onereason for the eagerness with
which the West has seized upon the need
of making its cities as attractive as pos-
sible is that there is more local pride to
be found in the Weet than elsewhere.
Every one wishes to boost his own town
and every one likes to make a more or less
quiet boast that he lives ‘in about the
prettiest place you can find anywhere in
this country.”

Conspicuous among the cities which
are now brushing up, or planning it, are
San Francisco, Portland, Ore.; Minne-
apolis, Seattle and Chicago, while many
towns of smaller size like Cedar Rapids,
la, are also in the movement. The
Western cities are almost making a race
of this work and the city beautifiers, as
the architects who have taken up this
work may be called, are overcrowded with
work. The profession has more than it
can do and there is room in it for many
nore clever men, with ample financial
reward and lasting civio fame for their
recompense.

Mr. Bennett, who is now consulting
with the Brooklyn Planning Committee,
and who will support shortly a concise,
definite scheme for making Brooklyn
Leautiful in a practical, useful way, has
just come from San Francisco, where
part of his plan for making that city
strong, wholesome and attractive is
fiready under way. The situation in
San Francisco under whichSthie work
was undertaken may {illustrate certain
phases of the subject in most American
cities. Before the great fire came—fire,
please, not earthquake, unless you want
to displease San Francisco folks—that
town had recognized the need 6f improv-

ng its highways and of establishing an
artistic plan of grouping ite publio and
semi-publio buildings, and to provide
for future growth that would prevent
congestion in the streete, What San
Franciseo wanted was to be laid out on
& broad acale. Incidentally that ,broad
sale of city development ie what practi-
cally every American city needs, Mr.
Burnham and his assistante were called

———

in, and a plan was agreed upon. Then
came the great disaster. ‘ :

As soon as San Francisco became calm,
and even before the ashes of her ruins were
cool, it was recognized that a unique
opportunity in the history of American
cities existed right then and thore to put
this new plan of streets and buildings
into effect. A demand arose at
that it be done.

 

once
Immediately an opposi-

Mth?
fy

MARCH 24, 1912.

IS THE

*

9

NEWEST PROFESSION

 

changes should

be made. Many an

American city has waked up to these con-
ditions and the result has been that all

to lose your buildings, but to have good | cians have been called into help things

land taken away and the entire city, in a | Out.
venture to predict that
They wanted | years the United States will have a score,
Interests|if not more, of beautiful

revenues would be affected by any | cannot be surpassed anywhere in the
lesale change scowled, and it was | World for their size.

These city beautifiers, as a rule, do not
like to talk for publicacion,
build | i8 like the run of them. A SUN reporter

The | caught him practically on the run at the

limited quarter, recast, was too much.
The politicians got busy.
to know where they came in.
wh
wh
seen that the Burnham idea could not be
carried out. San Francisco rejected her

great opportunity and began to
her new buildings on the old streets.

If the pace keeps up these arthitecta
within twenty

cities, which

Mr. Bennett

town moved toward the wost, however, | Hotel Belmont one morning last week
and a new avenue of trade, Van Ness | 4nd asked him about his work as a pro-
avenue, came into existence. Not all the | fession and also about his own achieve-
town had been replaced when the city; ments. He had been engaged and was
still keeping at it, in dashing here and
With the decision of Congress to hold there about Brooklyn and in studying

secured the coming Panama exposition.

the next world's fair in San Francisco | ™4p8,

figures of transportation, dock

there sprang at once into existence a de- development, movements of population,
topographical conditions and park sys-
tems, and he said he was a mighty busy

mand for broad scale city planning, and |
that is now being accomplished. Mr. ;

Bennett was put in charge of the work, | ™42

When the exposition is opened visitors
will probably find a grand boulevard
encircling the entire place from the Pacific
Ocean to the great bay. The city is
crowded with hills, The coast out where
the old Cliff House was is picturesque,
and a highway will run around through
the Golden Gate and back into town and
come back to the ocean. It will probably
be one of the most’ beautiful driveways of
the world.

There will aleo be a fine civic centre in
San Francisco. It will not be where the
Burnham architects wanted it or where
Mr. Bennett suggested it should be. Local
pride, political and commercial! interests
could not be induced to consent to the
idea that the civic centre should not be
around the site of the wrecked City Hall.
There is considerable space there and the
site lends itself to city betterment, but
not to such an extent as the architect
doctors would like. But there the new
City Hall,a great auditorium (opera house,
it may be called), the courts, the library
and such structures will be placed,
and in time radiating highways of beauty
and great utility may reach from there
far out to the city's edge.

The plan for Portland, Ore., on which
Mr. Bennett has been engaged for some
time, has been adopted and work is well
on the way. Minneapolis has taken up
certain features of his plans, those that
are or seem to be imperative at present,
and will leave the rest to future develop-
ment. Chicago's betterment plan, in!
which Burnham himself is intensely active, |
is well advanced. And so one city after
another is taking up the idea. Brooklyn
is the latest to get in the procession.

The development of American cities,
especially since the civil war, has been so
rapid that it has been almost entirely |
commercial. Like Topsy, American)
cities have “just growed.” They began
with a cluster of shacks at some road
crossing and in their growth they fol-

he said.

lowed the lines of least resistance. Streeta |'

took the places of cowpaths and gradually
a town came into existence and the
authorities thought that all that was
necessary to prepare for future growth
was to adopt a city plan of equare atreeta
or streets conforming to the topographical
conformation of the place. In many
places the main thoroughfares are narrow
and these in later yeare have become
congested, the cities have taken on a
hodgepodge look and there has been no
room for beautifying things unless radical

“Oh, don't say anything about me,”
“Just talk about Mr. Burnham.

 

 

| ordinate fellows go. Mr. Burnham's the
greataman in this work.”

With that Mr. Bennett, while remaining
amiable and willing to talk on current
topics, or art or history, or even politics,
would say very little more. A process of
extraction, however, brought out some
information regarding making cities
beautiful.

“Beautifying cities may be what you
call a new profession,” he said, “for
this country. Indeed the work is com-
paratively new here, but it really is an old
profession. It began and flourished in

France, for example in the time of Louis |

XIV. It has been in existence there ever
since. Paris has become, largely through
the great Hausmann—the boulevard is
named after him—the most beautifully
developed city in the world. Of course
Napoleon straightened some streets, so
as to have thoroughfares in which he could
cope with mobs by means of cannon,
but all along a systematic and beautiful

 

ZOWARD LE. .

BENNETT.

Prete Sy

 

CONTE ORS

ee

 

hattan, will wake up.
chance there is here. It will as surely
come as the desire to live in a beautiful
city grows strong.

 

| growth and the great lasting benefit to
the country of the Chicago world's fair.
Mr. Burnham was the presiding archi-

tectural genius of that exhibition. It was | besides,” he added, “although you have

he who got the leading architects of the
country together and suggested not only
splendid buildings from an architectural!
standpoint but that all of these build-
ings be made to harmonize one with an-
other. He was unselfish. He didn't go
in for personal glory. He said to his col-
leagues: ‘Let us examine our plans as
a whole and formulate these buildings
into one harmonious group.’ They agreed,
and the result was that when the'drawings
were submitted they cut this dome down,

size of this or that entrance, made some
buildings higher or lower or longer or
shorter.and adopted a harmonious style
that made those buildings one of the most
striking and beautiful groups that the
world had ever seen. From that day on
Mr. Burnham has been engaged in that
work. The new buildings of the Panama
exposition are to be developed in the
same way.
sponsible for the betterment of San Fran-

and the influence is bound to spread.

“Indeed one might say that this country
no longer needs such a stimulant, for all
over the land cities are waking up to the
fact that it pays as an investment to make
them attractive in appearance, and I look
for a vast development in the field.”

“Yes, but about your own achieve-
ments?” ventured the reporter

“Pasa that topic by,” said Mr. Bennett
with a smile, but then he told something
of the way these projects start and how
men of his profession go about their
work. Generally, Mr. Bennett said, the
publio spirited citizens wake up. A city
gets dingy, crowded, there is no suitable
room for public buildings in keeping with
the size of the place. Some man who has
travelled and others who have wealth
give voice to a desire for improvement,
This is taken up often by the public press.
Gradually a committee is got together
and then the experience of some other
place is cited and a city beautifier is
called in to look things over and to say
in general terms what should be done.
In this way Mr. Burnham waa called to
Brooklyn recently. He was taken over
the place. He saw the layout of the
streets, the bridges, the position of the
parks. He noted the congested places.
He indicated whera improvements could
be made. The planning committee be-
came enthusiastic and decided to go
deeper into the subject. Mr, Burnham
told the members to send for Bennett,
He came and brought with him an engi-
neer, and they have made a study of things
and in a few weeks a complete report
will be made.

Most of these improvements have been
started in that way. In some cases the
City Beautiful committee has paid the
entire expenses of the imprpvement. In
others the municipality has paid part or
all. The important thing, however, is to
draw up a plan which can be adopted by
the city, not to spend money on a vast
eoale on impractical things just because

 

 

 

—

This new exposition is re- |

cisco on which I have been and am engaged |

GROUP PLAN OF

PUBLIC BUILDING
CLEVELAND_OW

He started me going, as he did a lot of ! plan of development has come with radiat- | they would look pretty or grand, but to
other fellows. He deserves the credit} ing arteries until there is no city in the |design things that are entirely feasible

for this great big national movement. | world that can approach it in this respect. | and necessary to municipal growth and
tion clamor arose. It was bad enough! over the country the architectural physi-| Just print his biography and let us sub- | some day New York, that is to say, Man- | then after the plan has been adopted to

A magnificent | carry out the plan, even though it takes a

“This improving of cities is the direct; that one should not generalize elong

 

 

|

 

moved that portico back, increased the! Usually the bosses are glad to cooperate.

}
|

|
j

| map of the place.

 

OF THE

Cry

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   

 

long series of years.
Mr. Bennett admitted that sometimes
politicians hamper this work, but he said

those lines. Boss Shepherd in Washing-
ton and Blind Boss Buckley in San Fran-,
cisco beautified their city, he said. “And

had bosses or a bdas in this town you have
your beautiful Riverside Drive. Politi-
cians like to have beautiful towns. Bosses
are not so bad so far as interfering with
our work goes. They are often sympa-
thetic. I'll tell the real secret of getting
these improvements. It is to get the real
men of a city interested, the men of
wealth, of public spirit, of devotion to the
weal of all. When'such men are behind
a civic movement and mean it no political
boss is going to obstruct their work.

There may be a selfish reason, but in the
end the good side of things wins out.”

The first thing a city beautifier does is
to study the topography of the place he is
trying to improve. Every city atarts its
career along commercial lines. It groups
itself near a railroad station or along a
river's bank where a landing is easy.
Streams and hills affect their growths.
Some cities may grow only in one or two
directions. After looking over the lay
of the land the architect next studies’a
He notes the narrow
and broad streets. He finds the con-
gested places. He observes the limita
of the business part of the town. He
figures out from transportation statistics
a rate of growth, He sets certain limits
say for fifty years hence, for the business
district. He sees where streets need to
be widened, where new streets should
be putin, The one great thing is to have
a series of arteries, large fine highways
coming into a centre or the centres of a
city’s business and other aotivities, with
numerous Veins, to continue the figure of
speech, to relieve the pressure on the
arteries.

Above all he plans for a great open space
for what might be called a civic centre,
where large and imposing public build- |
ings may be erected and from which |
really beautiful streets may radiate. It |

| really costs no more to put up @ beautiful |

|
{

building than an ugly one, and a beautiful
highway is very little more expensive
than a hideous one,

But a civic centre is not the be-all
and end-all of city planning. “A civic
centre,” Mr. Bennett said, “is not the
chief thing. Really that is only an inci-
dent. There may be one or more of
centres in a city, say educational, ad-
ministrative, judicial. Two or three
splendid so-called centres instead of ane
might help in the development of a
city. We have to take into consideration
park development, for example. That
isone of the big features of city planning.

| We have to provide for the future growth |

of business. We have to show where the
quickest and best transportation can be
secured, We cannot tear up and pull
down at random. We have to make twists
and turns. We have to cut our garment
according to the cloth we have. That
cloth sometimes means the amount of

money a city can afford to spend, not! yj7

only at present but in the future. We
have to be practical.”
Having settled upon the features of

ae! 4

BY COURTESY

 

american, END OF MALL, CLEVELAND

WITH GARDENS, TERRACES

FORMAL ‘TREES ANP
REFLECTING

       
  
   
 
    
 
 
    
  
 

OF THE [7x /

AMERICAN CITY:

  

 

N FOR FOUNTAIN AT

  

POOR...

 

the improvement, where the civic centre
or centres should be, where the great
buildings should be placed (the buildings,
of course, to be harmonious and artistic
in the best sense of the word), where new
highways shall be opened or old ones
broadened, where playgrounds shall be
put, where parks shall be made or im-
proved, where certain strects shall be
connected up in the formation of the
arterial system of the city, where tunnels
shall be dug or bridges erected, where
traffic shall be diverted or simplified,
the city beautifier reduces his ideas to
plan drawings with the details to ba
worked out. Not all is to be accomplished
at once. The idea is to get the city to
adopt the plan as a whole and then work
out the details through several years.

On these drawings the immediate needs
are marked especially. For instance in
Minneapolis Mr. Bennett drew in red
lines certain things in the way of highway
improvements. That meant that that
k should be undertaken at once. He
lemented these red lines in his draw-
ngs with yellow ones. That meant that
the improvements indicated should ba
undertaken at the earliest opportunity.
The other improvements were marked
with dotted lines to be made when ths
city had funds available and at its con-
venience. The chief thing was to get the
plan adopted and an actual start in the
work.

An illustration of what may be done
for a comparatively small city 1s furnished
by Cedar Rapids, Ia. A river runs througi
the town, not a large stream, and in the
centre is an island of good size. It was
decided to make that island a civic centre,
placing the municipal buildings thereon
and erecting numerous street bridges
to it. The banks of-the river are bordered
with undesirabje buildings. These build-
ings are to be torn down, streets widened
and the banks of the river beautified
with really attractive buildings, such
as would form a natural screen or border
to a fine civic centre.

Mr. Bennett has no advance comment
to make upon the situation in Brooklyn.
Bridge plazas will come in for extensive
treatment and the Prospect Park plaza
will also play a leading part in his recom-
mendations. He will suggest connecting
up important avenues and he may have
something to say about avenues of trans-
portation. He will examine into the pro-
posed dock improvements and he _ will
try to suggest means of giving the bor-
ough a distinctively attractive character
in keeping with a “city of homes.” .

Mr. Bennett is in the middle thirties,
with a handsome face and a manner such
as study and wide travels confer. He is
English by birth, but was reared in San
Francisco. He got his architectural edu-
eation in the Beaux Arts in Paris and
has worked as an architect in various
cities of this country. He finally attracted
Mr. Burnham's attention, worked under
him for several years and then set up
for himself. In talking about city improv-
ing he said that while the landscape
gardener came into prominence in mak-
ing things beautiful many years ago and
that while an engineer's services were
also Valuable it had been found that to
beautify a city an architect was necessary
to deal with landscape and engineering
problems as parts of a scheme which,
at its foundation, must have architecture
in its broad phases as a basis.

“It is most attractive work,” he said,
“and it calls for a vast number of solue
tiona of problems directly bearing on
architecture. The country is waking up
and it is a satisfaction to know that we

such | have more than we can do.”

Moved 32 Times in Two Years.

From the St. Lowia Republic.

When Robert Wheeler was asked in the
Indianapolis Juvenile Court to give his
defence for having failed to support his
child properly he said that during the two
years of married life his wife had insiated
that he keep moving. They had moved
thirty-two times in two years, he satd,
and as a result he had been unable to hold

an, poal sion.
Yhristmas, he eaid, he had walk
tae with an ax over his shoulder 1 c

rtunities to trim meat blocks,
Re aie the t this work he had been able

at )
rv fttle money. Judge Taylor
Patharged Wheeler and i netinandad the

e,

Wheeler grew facetious and said. that
his. chickens turned over on their backs
and held their feet up to be tied every time
he came home from work.

-