Se ee

 

ee

a eee

AO AEE ee eee el Athenee tS =

arqee + +

oe

ane res etd

    

  

x0

     

“4 Q

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MA

  

%+

 

CHRISTIANITY'S GREATEST AMERICAN

 

Gospel Brought to
Boys Through t

ligion Forward Movement

Permanent results of probably the
Greatest movement in the United
States, if not in the entire world, to ad-
vance the Christian religion will be demon-
strated at the Christian Conservation
Congress. of the Men and Religion For-
ward Movement to begin in Carnegie
Hall, New York city, on April 19, and to
continue until April 24. In many respects
this movement has been far different
from and of greater magnitude than any
similar movement in the religious history
of the country.

Ita leaders have been men of capacity
and deep discernment in the business
world, in the profeasionsandlamong olergy~-
men of all Protestant denominations. This
movement had its inception at the Hotel
Manhattan in May, 1010, when James
G. Cannon, president of the Fourth National
Bank of New York city, gathered about
him representatives of the following
church brotherhoods and interdenom-
inational men’s societies: Brotherhood
of Andrew and Philip, Baptist Brother-
hood, Congregational Brotherhood of
America, Brotherhood of Disciples of
Christ, Gideons (Commercial Travellers),
International Committee of Young Men's
Christian Associations of North America,
Internationa] Sunday School Association,
Lutheran Brotherhood, Methodist Brother-
hood, Otterbein Brotherhood (United
Brethren Church), Preabyterian Brother-
hood of America, Brotherhood of St. An-
drew, United Presbyterian Brotherhood.

After a day's discussion jof the best
method of procedure, and after an em-
phatic desire upon the part of those pres-
ent had been expressed for a more ag-
gressive effort in the religious behalf of
the men and boys of the continent, a
committee of eleven was appointed to
take the additional steps necessary look-
ing to permanent organization

At the conference the objects and pur-
poses of the movement were thus an-
nounced:

To leave with every church, brother-
hood, Sunday school and Young Men's
Christian Association a worthy and work-
able plan of specialized effort for, men
and boys.

To assemble and publish a statement of
the most approved methods of religious
work for men and boys.

To win to Christ and the church the
largest possible number of men and boys
by May 1, 1912.

To greatly increase the enrolment tn
Bible classes.

To continue and increase the emphasis
of the Christian religion as the one and
only hope of the world and to make abid-
ing the missionary enterprises of the
church at home and abroad.

To reveal the programme of Jesus
Christ in the world in such a manner that
the strongest men will volunteer for life
service in the church. This service to
include a Christian investment of time,
personal talents and money.

To make a permanent contribution to
the best life of the continent, social, po-
litical, commercial and physical.

To exalt the spiritual power of the pub-
lic worship of God.

At Buffalo in October of the same year
this preliminary committee of eleven
called a conference for the purpose of
forming a permanent organization. This
conference was attended by 262 delegates
from seventy-two cities in thirty-three
States and provinces. An exhaustive
set of resolutions was adopted providing
for the practical and intelligent work
which was to make for success. It was
determined so to concentrate the progres-
sive work of the organization that by the
time the conservation congress assembles
in Carnegie Hall probably 3,000,000 men
and boys will have been won over to the
Men and Religion Forward Movement.
At the Buffalo conference a committee
of ninety-seven was appointed, headed by
Mr. Cannon,and this committee since that
time has been the permanent organiza-
tion.

Part of the resolutions adopted at
Buffalo tell incisively the objects of this

gigantic Christian movement. The reso-
lutions declare:
That as men of America representing

every section of this continent and prac-
tically every aspect of evangelical faith,
assembled in conference in Buffalo, we
hereby record our solemn conviction that
our Divine Lord !s calling the manhood
of our days to a new and unusual conse-
cration for service. We pledge to Him,
to each other and to the committee here-
after to be appointed, our wholehearted
and loyal cooperation,

That we emphasize our bellef in the
Church of Jesus Christ as the one in-
strumentality appointed by Him for the
salvation of the world, and that the or-
ganizations uniting !n this movement are
only agencies of the church, through
which it may carry on its ministry of
service, and that we maintain the utmost
regard for the convictions and methods
of the churches and organizations co-
operating.

That the object of this movement be de-
fined as an effort to secure the personal
acceptance of Jesus Christ by the indi-
vidual manhood and boyhood of our times,
and their permanent enlistment in the
programme of Jesus Christ as the world
programme of daily affairs.

 

ree

| sorely and to aT them by his
14,000,000 Men and! re emptations altars prevent ta &x
he Men and Re.

army camp. With “the close of the
Spanish war Mr. Smith returned to his
work as a general evangelist. He is
very forceful of argument, and those
who have heard him spéak declare that
his sincerity and his powerfully expressed
logic are among his most marked char-
acteristics.

As campaign leader of the Men and
Religion Forward Movement Mr. ‘Smith
has visited all of the cities of the country.
Invariably he has been accompanied
by F. 8. Goodman, in charge of the Bible

The next important step was the selec-
tion of a campaign leader, an executive
secretary and the establishment of a cen-
tral headquarters. Frederiok B. Smith
was made campaign leader, the Rev.
Roy B. Guild was selected for the itm-
portant post of executive secretary,

 

first securing definite information as to
the cities and towns they have visited
they have been capable of effecting more
permanent work than in many instances
followed the tempestuous efforts of the
old school revivalists and singers like
Moody and Sankey.

Campaign Leader Smith and his com-
rades on the various committees have
insisted that the men and boys of the
country should not only believe in the
text that they should love the Lord their
God, but they have also laid partiaular
stress on the text, “Thou shalt love thy
neighbor as thyself,” and they have fol-
lowed this by bringing home the ad-

JAMES G.CANNON,
CHATEMAN OF
THE, CHRISTIAN

CONSERVATIVE
SON CRESS:

Gls * 6960 cease dussee

SUMMAR

THE ABOVE DIACR AM REFERS <e
FOTHE UNITED STATES ONLY
TOVAL FIGURES FOR THIS SPECIAL

: ES

 

}
- \ eseeen?
\ ets q

SUMMARY WOTAMVAILABLE FOR CANADA

MAP OF NORTH AMERICA. FACTS
ORGANIZATIONS. PREPARED AND PUBLISHED

 

and the beautiful Young Men's Christian | study work; Charles Stelzle, in charge
Association Building, built by Mrs. Rus-| of social service work, and by H. F. |
sell Sage, 124 East Twenty-eighth street, | Schwartz, R. A. Waite, W. i). Bieder-
became the central headquarters. wolf and A.M. Bruner, each having special
Campaign Leader Smith is a big, burly} duties. Mr. Smith and his comrades
man with masses of black hair, keen eyed, ! are bright, cheery Christians bursting |
whose strong, smooth shaven face fits; with vitality, alert of eye, with a vigor-
well his rugged physique. He is an|oushandclasp. All are determined, prac-
Towan, 46 years old and of New Eng-| tical men, and in their visits to the cities
land parentage. Once he was a sales-| ~hey have made it primarily and specially
Iman in the Western country and later | their business to get down to the abso-
on became secretary of the Y. M. C. A.!| lute facts concerning the conditions
at Sioux Falls. Still later he was general | in these cities. In all 14,000,000 men and
secretary at Dubuque. But he wanted | boys have been reached through meet-
a wider field of work. He became an | ings and visits.
evangelist, and for nearly two years,| Mr. Smith and his associates in most
beginning with 1896, travelled from | of the cities have organized committees
town to town and city to city. When) of one hundred, have held mass meetings,
the Spanish war broke out the inter-/ and in addition have visited hundreds of
national committee of the Y. M. C. A.| the small towns in the effort to impress
selected Mr. Smith to visit the great|men and boys with a steadfast desire
camp of 65,000 men at Chickamauga, |to become permanent Christians, They
there to preach the Gospel, to comfort have not adopted the old time methods
the sick and dying in the hospitals, to of revivalists. Their programme has
give courage to those who needed it been more definite, more scientific. By

 

 

ditional text “Am I my brother's keeper?”
and then demonstrating from a Christian
standpoint, as well as from a social, eco-

if he is areal man or areal boy.

From the standpoint of wordly wisdom ; chumminess with his parents, especially ' read to the blind, to care for the needs

Mr. Smith and his associates have demon-
strated the civic betterment that must
result when men become less selfish, less
cruel to each other, when their ideals
in social and business circles become
more elevated. The clergymen and the

 

pressed with the ideal of Jesus Christ,
who “grew in wisdom and stature and in
favor with God and man.” That text, the
campaigners have asserted, illustrates
and illumines the fact that Jesus was a
normal boy, physically, intellectually,
socially and religiously.

It has been proved conclusively in this
campaign among the boys that heredity
has asserted itself, that the average boy's
impulses are abundant and his feelings

oftentimes tumultuous, that the “gang-
tie” is paramount in his early teens, that
the sense of independence in his later
teens grows acute, that his thoughts
demand an outlet in activities and that

ROMAN
~---- VA CATHOLIC

al

   

CONCERNING MEMBERSHIPINRELIGIOUS
Or'JHE MEN ANORELIGION FORWARO MOVEMENT:

reason will awaken to direct impulse.
Religiously or spiritually it has heen
proved that the average boy despises

 

' the boy's inalienable right in the home to

his father, and as he grows older to his
place in the family council. Further-
more, Mr. Smith and his associates have
| seu to impress upon the men of the
| country that the boy should have body-
| building exercises, athletic games, mili-

 

CAMPAIGN

 

| Wonderful Results of a Unique Crusade

to Be Told at New York Con.

vention Next Month

moving picture lectures, to study nature,

where as a student he had charge of the

to visit points of historical interest, to! gymnasium work, was catcher of the col-

become interested in glee and instrumental
clubs, to inspect industrial plants, and
to have mock congresses and municipal
councils. From a religious standpoint
it has been sought to interest the boys

 

=
CM

  

 

in individual Bible study and prayer,
boys’ choirs, boys’ evening church ser-
| vices, to conduct song services in the

|nomic and intellectual basis, that each | cant. Mr. Smith and his fellow religious | hospitals and old folks’ homes, to call
| man or each boy is his brother's keeper | campaigners have sought to bring about | on sick boys at home, to adopt the big

brother to some younger boy policy, to

of old folks in the neighborhood, and to
| crusade for clean athletics, clean speech
and the clean life.

The Rev. Mr. Guild, executive secre-
| tary of this great movement, has demon-
| strated in his own life what most students |

brothers of the various Christian organi-{ tary drill, scouting, boating, ewimming,|of human nature have thoroughly well |

zations have cooperated heartily with
Campaign Leader Smith and his com-
rades,

The campaign among the boys of the
country has been especially interesting.
In order to awaken a permanent re-
vivification in the Christian religion, the
theory of Mr. Smith and his associates

‘camping, coasting, skating, “feeds,”
| parents’ receptions, father and son ban-
quets, impromptu “stunt” nights and
| that well to do boys should give a helping
hand to those less fortunate!

Mentally Mr. Smith and his associates
| have sought to interest the boys in travel-
ogues, addresses on health and citizen-

| known—that the boy first, the youth next |
and the man afterward is not necessarily |
| prig because he is a Christian, Mr.
Guild is one of the younger clergymen |
in the Congregational Church, He is an
Illinois man, 40 years old, but his boyhood
days were passed in Kansas, where his
father was also a clergyman of the Con-

has been in effect: “If we get the boys of | ship, life problem discussions, wireless{ gregational Church. Mr. Guild attended
to-day we will have the men of to-mor- | telegraphy and aeroplanes, public speak- | Washburn College, Topeka, Kan., thence

row.

 

 

The boys have usually been im- | ing, current topics, stereopticon and) going to Knox College, Galesburg, I)l.,

 

| Steiner,

lege baseball team and business manager
of the athletic assogiation.

He was graduated from the Chicago
Theological Seminary and became past.-
of the Congregational Church at Wood-
stock, Ill., where his life was closely
linked with the life of the younger people
especially. He was captain of the foot-
ball team and thus came in constant and
close association with the great army
of young men and boys employed in the
principal industrial enterprise of the
locality where he was serving as minister
of the Gospel. Subsequently he visited
foreign mission fields and later on became
New England secretary of ‘the Congrega-
tional Church Building Séciety. A little
over @ year ago Mr. Guild accepted the
office of executive secretary of the Men
and Religion Forward Movement, since
which time he has been the chief aasso-
clate of Campaign Leader Smith and
has had especially to do with the publica-
tion of literature, with publicity matters
and general correspondence. When the
Spanish war broke out Mr. Guild went
to the front with the Third Illinois Regi-
ment to do hospital work and religious
work. He is an honorary member of the
Spanish-American War Veterans.

Among those who have been associated
with Campaign Leader Smith and Mr.
Guild are H. F. La Flamme of Toronto,
specialist on mission work in the Men and
Religion Forward Movement; the Rev.
Iaaao J. Lansing, D. D., formerly of
Worcester, Boston and Scranton; Charles
R. Drum of New York, James A. Whit-
more of New York, but recently of
the faculty of Bellevue College of
Nebraska; W. ©. Pearce of the Inter-
national Sunday School Association of
Chicago; W. R. Lane, one of the well
known evangelists in Great Britain;
James R. Smith, commonly known as
Railroad Jim, formerly of Jackson-
ville, Ill; the Rev. Clarence A. Barbour,
D. D., formerly of Hartford, Conn.; John
M. Dean of Cobleskill, N. Y.; H. E. Rood,
formerly of Philadelphia; the Rev. William
A. Brown, formerly of Kansas City; the
Rev. Allen Arthur Stockdale, pastor of
the Union Church, Boston, and J. W.
Macruder, formerly of Marion, Ohio.

Campaign Leader Smith has had a
most effective associate in his work in
a young Japanese, Yutaka Minakuchi,
who is spoken of as an orator of remark-
able ability. He was born in Tokio and
through the efforts of an American mis-
sionary was converted to Christianity in
his youth. He left his native land in 1897,
came to the United States, entered Ken-
tucky University at Lexington, where ho
remained for more than five years, then
continued his studies at Yale and at the
University of Chicago, from which he
was graduated with distinction. For
three years he was pastor of the Church
of Christ at Asheville, N. C. Mr. Mina-
kuchi is a fraternity man and was an
athlete in his college days, playing on
the North Carolina football eleven. His
fraternity is the Phi Kappa Alpha.

Succinctly Mr. Minakuchi sounded the
keynote of the Men and Religion Forward
Movement when he remarked “We are
bound as lovers of humanity and’ as
worshippers of God to share our very
best with our neighbors and to lift them
to the plane on which we stand. To be
Christian philanthropists we must be not
only givers but rers as well. The
grace of God does not degrade nor humili-
ate; it ennobles and dignifies human
nature and reveals the higher possibilities
of common man.”

Several of the men mentioned have
had charge of what is known as com-
munity extension work, which includes
religious meetings in shops and on the
streets and which has given particular
attention to the betterment of social
conditions. Many of these campaigners
have fought in different cities against the
white slave traders. .

The special work of the movement and
the permanent results will all be told in
speeches and addresses at the five days
session of the congress in Carnegie Hall
next month, During the session of the
congress the principal speakers will be
President Taft, Archdeacon Thomas F.
Madden of Liverpool, J. A. MacDonald,
editor of the Toronto Globe; William J.
Bryan, Bishop David H. Greer of New
York, Bishop William F. Dowell, Rev.
Nehemiah Bceynton, D.D.,‘Rev John F
Varson, D.D., of Brooklyn, John Mitchell,
Robert E. Speer, John R. Mott, Prof. E. A.
Booker T. Washington, Prof.
George L. Robinson, Miss Jane Addams,
Rev. James E. Freeman, William T. Ellis,
ex-Gov. Northern of Georgia, Bishop
E. A. Hendricks, Gov. Glasscock of West
Virginia and the Hon, George E. Foster,
Minister of Commerce and Labor for
Canada. In the intervening time other
speakers will be added to the list.

Incorporated in this article is a map
of the field which has been covered by
the Men and Religion Forward Movement
up to the present time. The discs in-
dicating the various States when in-
terpreted are: The black space in the
discs, according to the census taken by
those interested in this movement, indi-
cate the non-churchgoing population;
the horizontal lines in the discs represent
the worshippers in Protestant churches,
while the orpendicular lines represent
the worshippers in Roman
churches,

atholio

 

SOME OF THE DANGERS WHICH BESET THE LOGGER MEN OF MAINE

 

Race for Life Down Steep Hills When the Snub)
Line Goes Wrong—Even if the Driver Escapes|
It Is Often All Up With the Horses

Banoor, Me., March 21.—Up in the
great north woods of Maine, where
thousands of men have been at work for
months past in felling the great trees
which will make up the wintar’s cut of
logs to come down the rivers to the mills
this spring, the operators have finished
the cutting operations and the hauling
on to the yards and are hauling the logs
to the landings, handy to the water in
which they will first be christened when
they start on their rough passage down
stream to the mills. The hardest part
of the winter's work is past, the outting
and yarding, and now comes the task
of getting the millions of feet of loge
from the yards to the landings over long
woods roads, where the teamster has to
be constantly on his watch for the safety
of his team and the load of logs he is
piloting.

There are woods roads in the Maine
lumeering region where it is no more

| over roads that run over bogs, up hill
j}and down dale, over steep declivities ,
where the load of logs is above the heads |
of the horses and where the breaking |
of a rope or chain or a slip of one of the |
horses might mean death to team and |
teamster.

It is on these steep inclines that the |
snub line comes into use and that some |
of the worst accidents ever recorded in ,
the Maine woods have taken place.

The roads over which the logs have to
be hauled are kept in as icy a condition
as possible at al] times, The snow itself
is not slippery enough to suit the lumber-
men, Even though the snowfall be heavy
and the snow lies several feet deep on the

difficult to pilot a team of horses and a
load of logs than it would be to do the
same thing on a State highway, but the
lumberman knows too well that such
roads as this are all too scarce. The char-
acter of the road of course depends on
the character of the country through
which it runs, and the Maine lumbering ;
roads and the surface is smoot! a
region hae te Full are s me wae floor they are pat aatiefied, but must have |
a8e8 1e surface oO e road a giare of ice,
Mother Earth. Yarding the logs is usually | Sometimes nature will bring this condi- |
a simple matter, for the haul to the yard | tion about by a rainstorm, which clears |
is seldom more than half a mile, and the
road ia “swamped” in the place where |
the teams will be most likely to have the |

the surface of the roads instantly into a
glare of ice, Ifthe rain does not come the |
umberman resorts to other means to |

easiest haul and avoid the uneven char- | make easier hauling for his teams, and | the grade he stops his team and jumps | criver sti

many of the concerns have sprinklers |
such as are used on the city streets and |
sprinkle the roads at night until tho sur-!
face is glare ice.

acter of the ground.
Hauling to the landings, however, is
a different matter. The landings are
usually not less than a mile from the
yards and often the logs have to be hauled
half a dozen miles before they reach the
| landing places. The logs have to be hauled

at a lively pace with a dozen huge logs
chained on the sled where the road is
fairly level or the grade favorable,

« On the pitches, however, no ice is

 

wanted. Everything done there is to
retard the progress cf the heavy loads
ag much a3 possibie, Lhe snow is shov-
el.ed off these piiches, and earth, boughs,
manure, ana other stult thrown ontop of
the snow, so that the heavily loaded sleds

will not slip and run on to the horses or |

ut too severe a strain on the snub line,
he curves in the road, if there are any,
are banked up as much as possible, to
prevent the sled from slewing in going

around the curve and upsetting the Icad |

of logs or breaking the chains which hoid
the logs on the sled.

Here is where the snub line comes into
play. The snub line is a hawser three
inches thick and of a length determined
by the length of the pitch on which it is
used, ‘ihe most common way of using
the snub line is to have a line about twice
the length of the pitch, At the top oi
the steep incline a big tree has been felled,
leaving a stump four feet higa, The
largest tree to be had is always picked for
tne purpose, and the bark is then stripped

the top, leaving the stump smooth as in
axe handle for most of its height.
When the teamster comes to the top of

He takes the end of the
hawser and passes the line comp otely
around the load_of logs, making two half

down. reat

is ve. With the roads in this; hitches so that when strain is placed on
condition a pair of horses will step along! the line the hitches slip and the noose

draws tight about the load. ‘Then he
takes the line and passes it around the
stump three or four times, shoving the

jas possible, clucks to his horses to take
up the slack, then jum
| logs and starta down the hill. The fric-
tion of the folds of the big line on the stump
is sufficient to hold the load back off the
horses, while the weight of the line passing
up the hill to thepstump is enough to

revent it paying off the stump too fast.

he driver stands upright on his load and
watches the straining hawser with the eye
of a hawk,

After a snub line has been used for
some time it becomes worn «8 smooth as
| glass by the friction on the stump. Some-
times it catches a sharp piece of wood and
a few strands are cut, These broken
strands untwist quickly as a coiled spring
and when the strain is thrown on the line
the break grows larger with amazing
rapidity. When one of the big strands
breaks the teamster knows i
convulsive flip of the line and he is onthe
alert at once. If the line breaks he yells
at his horses and sends his whip stinging

 

| instinctively feel their danger when the
| line snaps and throwing themselves for-
ward into their collars they start on a
race with death down the hillside, ‘The
cks to his post as long as he can
jand does his best to guide his steeds. He

{is comparatively safe, for he can jump at}

any time withoyt much danger of injury
in the deep snow,

 

Not 60 with the horses, however, The
| great load of logs goes swaying after them
[as fastas they could run even though they

were not harnessed to the sled. All the

coil down as near the bottom of the stump frightened animals can do is keep their

on the load of |

by the)

with a cold, northwest wind, which freezes | trom the stump to within a foot or so of | Feet a eet thet qaleliigent brutes |

feet and do their best to keep the load!
from running onto their heels or, leaving |
the road, to crash into the trees and take
them with it. If one of the horses falls
or anything about the sled breaks it is

all up with the poor brutes. Sometimes
the swaying of the load will break a chain
which holds the logs on the sled and let

| the great sticks go shooting out over the
| heads of the horses, perhaps catching the
teamster unaware also.
| ‘The breaking of the snub line does not
always have a tragic result. It is the
miraculous escapes of men and horses
that the men like to tell about afterward.
It often happens that the teamster guides
his flying steeds and their swaying load
| down over the steep hill and brings them
| to a stop after a mad rush of a quarter of
|a mile, covered with lather and with sides
heaving and nostrils distonded, but vic-
| tors in the race with death, |
In the above method of using the snub
| line one end of the line passes back up
the hill while the end attached to the load
is going down. By this method one end
jof the line is alwaye on the top and the
j teams aro saved the trouble o
the line back up tho hill. errTng
This method is practicable on most!
hills, but there are places in the woods
jwhero the grade is so long and stee |
/ that ancther method had <0 be adopt \
\'This othes method while seoming! Bifer |
is as a matter of fact fraught with more |
Senger to men and herses than the first, |
\'The rig lino is made fast about the load '
as it was in the firat instance and two
three turns are taken around the

 

 

or

¢he bow is drawn across it.

The rest of the line is coiled up a few
yards away. The teamster starts his
orses down the hill and two men take
the slack end of the line and pay it out
adually as the load descends, always
eeping the line taut and running around
the stump as smoothly as possible. These
men wear mittens with thick leather
palms so that they can grip the line wil! -
out having their hands torn and blistered
by the line passing through them. If
the line fois © better of them they have
a way of checking it by taking a cantdog
and using it as a lever to throw the line
herder against the stump, increasing the
friction and checking the load.
Sometimes the snub line gets the better
of the men handling it and instead of
paying out smoothly goes by jerks, get-
ting from four inches to a foot of slack
line at every jerk. When this happens
there is trouble in sture for somebocy
unless the men can stop the line with the:r

lever. Every slip of the line sends *
thrill throug ita whole length and sets it
to flopping and swaying and vibrating

just as the violin string vibrates when
This makes
a great strain on the line and if there }4
the slightest imperfection in it it is likely
to snap, or in its gyrations it may get the
better of the men and run t! Petal their
hands so fast that the leather palms of
their mittens smoke and they have to

drop it to save themselves, They send
a shout of warning down to the teamster
and another race ensues, with life and

death tossin g a coin to eee which wins.