ee

ee ee ee eee

—

none,

— a Ee >

3 ae

 

 

‘ tie ‘SUN, “SUNDAY, |

 

  

ACH 94, 1912. rn oe ety ey

——

CHEERFUL MUSIC FOR . INMATES OF INSTITUTIONS

Work of An Organization Which Be-
lieves in Cheering Up the Poor an

the Afflicted

*Drummond has said that love fe the |
greatest thing in the world, and I put
music second,” said Walter Brownell
Tufte in rounding off “the few words”
the manager insisted he should speak |
to the assembled old folks after the con- |
cert was over.

“Aye, man, it’s the furst,” protested an
oN Scotch woman at his elbow eagerly.

Her wrinkled face beamed like a girl's,
her, blue eyes twinkled. ‘The Scotch and
Irish ballads and the cheerful lilt of the |
violin selections had caused her to forget |
all about a stiff knee, She walked away |
with a vigor which made the manager |
remark with as much eurprise as the |
manager of an old ladies’ home ever per- |
mite herself, “Well!” |

“It’s incidents like that,” Mr, Tufte
said, “which help to keep up the enthusi-
asm of the folks connected with the
Hospital Musical Association.

“The association is the first of Ita kind |
in New York and, so far as we know, the
first in this country, but on April 9 we)
shall give our seventy-fifth concert and |
will have reached with our music about
16,000 persons. Doctdrs agree in approv-
ing light and cheerful music for invalids
and inmates of homes and other institu-
tions and in a big city like New York there
ought to be ways and means of furnishing
it to unfortunates who must depend on |
the thoughtfulness and generosity of
others.”

The Hospital Musical Association owes |
its inception and progress to some New |
Yorkers who came to the conclusion that
this special field was not covered by |
any organization. People who were
willing to sing hymns in the wards and
chapels of homes and hospitals were |
plentiful they knew, but that was not the
thing they had in mind. ‘What was |
needed, the committee thought, was eheer- |
ful secular music, both vocal and instru-
mental, on week days.

Francis E. laimbeer, treasurer of the
association; Mr. ‘Tufts, “its secretary,
and one other gentleman who, hecause
he put up some money to start the work,
is too modest to have his name men-
tioned, were perhaps the three persons

Its Success Surprised Its Organizers—It Alread y

Has Collected More
Led to the Forming

As volunteers we'll save and cheer
Our dog friends far and near;
To Captain Fang we doff our caps,

We doggie brigadiers.

The foregoing was the postecript to a
letter sent by Ingomar 2d of Oakley, '
Md., to convey his satisfaction and that
of his friends, Lady Varden and Brownie,
owned by C. F. Fralick of New York,
at receiving the badges which entitled |
them to membership in the Dogs’ Brigade; |
also the promise that he and his friends |
would be faithful workers for the cause. |
The Capt. Fang referred to, whose full |
name is Wu Ting-fang, is a Chow dog,
one of the finest of his breed in this coun-
try, the property of Mrs, James Speyer, |
president of the New York Women's
League for Animals and founder of the |
Dogs’ Brigade, of which Mra. George |
Arents is chairman and Mrs. George |
Bethune Adams secretary.

len years old and among the first to

   

 

| enrolled asa member and enclosed a
| dollar.

world to achieve. It turned out that
there was plenty of amateur talent avail-
able, but it was not 80 easy to get the
|performers together when they were
wanted.

| Ag a result—and probably the ais
of hospitals and homes are not grumbling
on this score—the secretary had to go
ahead and arrange for concerta given |
who had most to do in organizing the| mostly by professionals, the board of
| agsociation. Mrs. Livingston R. Schuyler | managers meeting the expense. |
and Mrs. Louis Livingston Seaman are With several hundred institutions to
two of the women minagers, although | cover and only one musical association |
neither takes part in the concerts. Mrs. | giving week day concerts the committee
| Julia H. Worthington and Miss Devoe, | has had to cut out homes and hospitals
also of the board of managers, and Thomas | for small children. |
| Tryon, who sings Scotch and Irish songs | “The older folks need and appreciate
‘in a big, cheerful barytone voice, are| the music most, we believe,” Mr. Tufts
among the amateurs who may be de- | said.

 

“But it is funny to see the pranks
—_—__—___—__—_,-

 

 

: Fe
“KLONDIKE ae DISCUSSING YESTERDAY'S CONCERT.

 

pended. on to take part in the ) concerts] of some of the youn&sters in the hospitals
every now and then. | which have children’s wards when they

At the start some of the most enthusi- hear singing or playing in the ward;
astic and least experienced of the asso- | below or above or opposite I remember |
ciation’s promoters were certain that |that at Roosevelt Hospital one day a|
one concert a week at least, with throo| little fellow climbed out of his erib when |
or four amateur performers on the pro-| the nurse wasn't looking, got out in the

(gramme, would be the easiest thing in the | corridor and was making for the stairs

 

—_— —

 

dog brigade would be well established,
that women, and men too, from all over
the United States would be asking ques-
tions about it, that almost every kind
of dog would have joined it. No one
won either that the dogs’ brigade

Than $1,000 and It Has
of a Cat Brigade would pave the way for a cats’ brigade,
which is now three weeks old and doing
join, Wu Ting-fang is counted dean of the | | nicely,
| brigade. The reason his name did not “At the start,” said Mrs, Adams, *w
get first on the roll is that when Mrs. | Were not surprised to have several dozen
Speyer, just back from Europe and a members enroll within three months,
more or less intimate acquaintance with |>ut after that we expected a gradual
London's Dogs’ Brigade, proposed to] 4ropping off each month in the number
the Women's League a plan for starting of recruits. But it has been just the other
a dogs’ brigade in New York she was not | Y4Y of late.
certain how it might be received. Per-| “For instance, on January 1 the bri-
| haps she was as much surprised as any-|&4de's total membership was 269; on
body when it was voted to start a dogs’ | March 1 it was 343, with the promise of
| brigade at ofce, and when the next morne} —
ing’s mail brought a letter from Smokie
Mack, a Boston terrier, who asked to be

A couple of hours later a letter arrived
from Cesar, 2d, owned by Lieut. Hellwig,
U. 8S. N., who also wanted to join the
Dogs’ Brigade and enclosed $3 because
he was three times as big as most dogs, he
said.

That was the beginning about one year

a

at least twenty more by April 1, More
and more letters of inquiry about the
organization are arriving from distant :
cities, in most cases the writers sending
along the candidate's name and entrance
fee and asking for a box and badge,

“We have one member in Italy, three in
France, three in England, one in Scot-.
land Peter, a blue Pom eranian belong-
ing to Miss Josephine Peek of Kincardine
and one in Germany~-Bumble, owned by |

Miss Nellie Beit von Speyer of Fr,
te of the first Dogs’ Brigade of America. | One of the latest preety 2 in x ot Frankieets
At first only a few persons took the organi- | owner, Mrs, John Munro, is nowin Paris,” | +
zation seriously. That any but dogs of | One of the most appreciated members
| dat pedigree would be enrolled was| and one of the first to join was a puppy
doubted, At most the Dogs’ Brigade! who modestly wrote that he was just an
| would be small and exclusive, it was pre-! or dinary dog who, lost and footsore, had
| dicted. Perhaps the sponsors themselves | strayed into a comfortable home in Pater-
were not sure how this would be, They | son and been in clover ever since, For
wanted of course to include all classes of | this reason he was eager to extend a
dogs, but whether this plan could be! helping paw to any animal down on ite
worked out they didn't know, | luek,
What really happened they did not | He meant it too, for his box, recently
expect at all. Even Mrs, Speyer did not! sent to headquarters, contained $19.
dream that before the year was out the “Some boxes,” Mrs, Adams ex#lained,

HIS FATHER HAD TO SEND A
CHEC K.

 

| on pasting the owners’ names on gorgeous,

 

“I remember at an old ladies’ home one
day a dear little Southern woman before
the concert began asked if the soloist
knew ‘My Maryland’ and would she sing
it before leaving.

lickety aplit when the nurse caught up
with him. Even then he put up a fight,
insisting that he must go down where the
musio waa.
“Often we have seen a row of conva-
lescing youngsters in pajamas hanging! “'Yes, indeed,’ I told her.
over the banisters and never moving an| “A little later the old lady sent me word
inch while a song was being sung or .a| not to play or sing ‘My Maryland’ if it
cheerful air played. would hurt any one's feelings. Wasn't
“To save time and money we arrange | that thoughtful of her? We kept ‘My
to give two concerts the same afternoon, Maryland’ to the last and topped it with
at two institutions not far apart, st we| the ‘Star Spangled Banner,'so I guess no

 

 

  

AN ENCORE BY REQUEST.

 

 

 

usually take along to hospitals a torty | one’s feelings were damaged.

pound folding organ as a substitute fora! “I have often tried to decide whether
piano. — long i for instance We menor women enjoy the music the more
went to Bellevue Hospital, and leaving and 1 haven't made up my mind yet.
there the musicians bundled into a taxi, yoy long ago we gave a concert at the
the organ went in front with the chauffeur City Home on Blackwell's Island, in other
and we were off to St. Mark's Hospital to ‘words, at the city’s almshousé, where

give concert number two.”

Mated' hat sort of mnic was preferred there are All sorta of men and women
ee ee pir aa el ta ds | | woman worker who visits the city home
of a lively nature. The programme is|°%eTY Sunday told me that for several

| weeks after she could get the inmates to

arranged to please the larg@st number.
“Often we have requests to play or } talk of nothing else, expecially the Klon-

sing a certain selection and if it seems | | dike men who told over and over again

best we comply so far as we can. But if | What a treat it was and how much they

the song or the selection asked for veers | ¥4nted another concert like it.

toward the sad we don't give it. ‘Only “The Kiondikers? Oh, that’s a nick-

cheerful music’ is our slogan from start | name for a lot of the men, old men and

to finish. | men not so old, some of whom have seen
‘

“contain five, six, eight dollars. some a
good deal more than that and some others
less than a dollar, and none but the com-
mittee opening the boxes knows which
dog gives the most or which the least.
These contributions are voluntary and
five centa or fifty dollars is equally ac-
ceptable.”

As Mrs. Adams talked she kept right

new, red, heart shaped wooden boxes in-
scribed “Dogs' Brigade.”

“At firat we had pasteboard boxes but

| they were not strong enough,” she said.
“This is a new assortment and every New

York member of the brigade will get his

new box to-morrow and distant members

as soon as the mails will take them.
“Do the dogs like the boxes? Of course

WU TING FANG. MRS,

would be likely to see it the lady seemed
relieved and entered her dog at once.
The only thing e, member is expected to

habit of congregating by themselves in
an outbuilding so chilly in cold weather
that it used to be called the Klondike.
The men didn't have to sit there, but
perhaps they got to making a sort of
clubroom of it.

“The day we gave the concert over there
we tried to give the men in particular
what they shouted for, even when one

only be kept in a place where vieliaes |

|

 

MUSIC ON THE FLOOR BELOW.

 

a good deal better days, who are in the | beautiful, rich contralto voice joined in

called out a request, seconded by several

}more men, for ‘My Wife's Gone 40 the
Is ountry, Hurrah, Hurrah.’ Certainly
ee concert was a big success and another
| cone ert-—given solely to men oneevening
at the blind man's club in Fifty-ninth
street--was received with even greater
enthusiasm.

“Here the men had everything their
own way. We did not have.to consider
woman at all in the programme. By 8
o'clock one hundred blind men, many of
whom work on the premises during the
day, were led to the club room and called
for two hours later. This is about the
only concert we give in the evening.
We can't give it in the afternoon because
the men work and the premises are used
by both men and women workers.

“A curious thing happened one day.
In the woman's ward of one of the largest | W
hospitals the soloist began to sing a fa-

 

and sang the verse through with h-:
The voice came from a bed near the ot!
end of the room and the singer wasa woane
woman still hazy from the effects of ether
administered earlier in the day when s)e
had undergone an operation. She seemed
hardly conscious that she was singing
at all, the nurse told us, and kept on smil-
ing happily when the song ended.

“We all experienced the delightful
sensation of having almost saved a life
some days after giving a concert at the
eyeandear hospital. The superintendent
wrote us that one of the patients, a girl
of cultivated appearance, w.th an ailment
very difficult to reach, had been 80 morose
for days previous to the concert that she
was constantly watched. Nothing seemed
to rouse her till she heard the tuning of
the violins when we reached the hosgpitil.
After the concert was over this patient
talked with the nurses and acted like
quite another girl, smiling and asking
questions about the music and when we
would come again. She did not have a
relapse and was getting on all right a week
later.”

Among the members of the board «f
seers are Major-Gen. Grant, Henry

. Goddard, Newbold Morris, the Rev
Dr. Stires, Algernon S. Frissell, Mis

miliar and very beautiful ballad. During! Charles Zabriskie, Mra. J. Henry Watson,
the firat verse nothing happened, but as | Mrs. Stewart L. Woodford, Mrs. John !i.
she a singing the second verse = |Fity and Mrs. Simon Baruch.

IT IS NOT PEDIGREE THAT COUNTS.

 

SPEYER'S INSPIRATION.

 

felin; Teddy Bear and Quang, Pekinese,
and Foxy, a fox terrier, the property of

AMERICA’S FIRST DOG BRIGADE TO THE FORE

 

j hive the promise of several more.
cata’ will have

 

 

lately by two feline neighbors, Moses and
Gladys, the latter a “man of the worli”
despite his feminine name, who as ed’
might they join the dog brigade?

“If we are accepted,” they said,
may keep the enclosed $2, but if we are
rejected please return it and say nothins
to any one about our trying to join
brigade.”

“Here,” said Mrs. Adams, “were | %0
candidates for which, out of respect >
the dignity of the dogs, there seem» to
be no place unless a separate brigade for
cats was organized,

“Why not do it?’ the committee said,
and as no objections were raised a cat
brigade was organized about three weeks
ago with Moses and Gladys as charter
members. Pinkie, Mrs, Speyer's vellow

cat, came in next and we have now about
twenty-five members, including several
thoroughbreds besides as many more cf
the plain kitchen variety. We sane
several more cats to join this week,

T e
a badge similar to th:
do :s andéhe same kind of a box.”

 

The Man With the Umbrella.
From the London Globe

A sculptor’s adventure during the toi
strike is told by a Paris contemporar

| Mrs. Thomas Hastings; Richard Burke, a! The artist is renowned for his resource!

| black and white Irish terrier owned by

*) and a badge.

 

 

 

they do.

taken such a fanoy to his box that he nearly

chewed it up at the very first chance,
“Some people don't understand how

One and another puppy has

the boxes are to be used. I was asked
once if a member of the brigade must have
one tied to him every time he went out
and when | explained that the box need

wear is this badge which gives him the | Mrs, Benjamin Latham, joined some time
right to collect money for the Women's | ago. There are Mrs. William Greenough's
Animal League,” black cocker spaniel Prince, Mrs. Chaun-
The gilt badge displayed was about|cey Marshall's Irish terrier Tatters and
as big as a silver quarter and decorated | Petie and Sin, fox terriers, owned respec-
with a dog's head in relief. The annual | tively by Mrs. George B. McClellan and!
fee of $1 entitles every member to a box | Mrs. Charles Ditson. |
The array of Pomeranians among the
In answer to & question Mrs, Adams | members is imposing. These include Mrs,
said that already the Dogs’ Brigade has | Edgar Park's sable Pom named Puritan
collected for the league the sum of $1,168 | Boy, Mrs. Storrs Wells's Butterfly and
and that the returns for the second year | Mique of Wickham, Cheffrie, owned by
would probably be larger, many of the | Mrs. Gouverneur Kortright, and Pekoe,
recent recruits having owners and many | the property of Miss Joan W hitridge.
friends with good big bank accounts, A contrast to these in size is Zero, a
Concerning the personnel of the Dogs’ | sheepdog owned by Mrs. Charles E. H.
Brigade here are the names of some of | Phillips. Consul, an English bull, was
the members best known to New Yorkers, | recently entered by Mrs. Michael Dreicer,
Besides Captain Fang there is Black Dra-| as were Cosy, a Pekinese, the property
gon, a Chow owned by Mrs, David Wag-| of Mrs. George Blumenthal, and Eliza-
staff, Jr. Jacky and Sonnie, Yorkshire | beth Pretzel, a dachshund belonging to
terriers belonging to Gerald 8. Hoyt, are | Miss Beatrice Herford.
members. Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish has en- In telling about the formation of the
tered her fox terrier Spot and Ivanhoe} cat brigade Mrs. Adams said that this
a oollie, was due principally to Capt. Fang or to
Mrs. George Gould's Bostom terrier! a letter sent to him from a country place
Bebo, owned by Miss Dorothy Schief- where he has been spending his summers

 

 

nessandhishumor Overtaken by adowr-
pour of rain near dinner time, he took refus’
in a doorway,

‘There was no taxi to be obtained, |!
flacres that passed were full, and there \4
no prospect of the rain abating at tt
moment a gentleman passed, well dress»
and carrying a large umbrella, The scu!
tor saw his opportunity, shook hands \
the stranger and installed himself under " ‘
umbrella, It was a coincidence that they
should have met; he had been looking ©
for his acquaintance for the past fortni!
He talked incessantly about a hypotheticr
family and other matters until they reac!
the studio,

Then the sculptor @teocvered his sit
and apologized ‘The ernie wasaccept
coldly, 60 the man with the umbrella \«
invited to inspect the studio, He decline
jand bade “au revoir." The seulptor enter
tained his family with the ruse, One men
ber remarked that his tie was disordered
He put up his hand, — His pin was missing
So were his Ww ate h and his purse,

Centuries Old Customs tn Synagogues:
From the London Evening Standard
When the annual reading of the Book of
Esther takes place in the synagogues fs &
‘prelude to the festival of Purim the c hildren
shake their rattles (Haman “kloplers }
vigorously every time the name of Haman,
who was counsellor of King Ahasuerts,
monarch of ancient Persia, appears in the
book. ‘This quaint custom has been ob-

served from time immemorial’

    

|
2