|
|

 

Py
(3

4 /
A

   
  

  
    
 

VAIIRAVUTH ”

—

Siam's Progressive King and Surmises Concerning
Overthrow—Some

the Movement

for

0 ea

_. FING
OL SIAM:

70

f

His

Account of the Land Over Which He Rules.

 

BY R. G. SKERRETT.

 

It was only last
Chowfa Maha Vajiravuth succeeded to
the throne of the land of the white
elephant, and now news comes of a
revolutionary movement which has for
its purpose his abdication and the estab-

ment of a republic in Siam. It fs
sald that the Malays of the south and

the Laotians of the north are at the)

bottom of the present discontent, but it
{s possible that the natives are being
used mnerely as instruments in bring-
ing about the change in Siam’s govern-
ment, that the real inspiration comes
from the flanking Europeans. To-day
Siam {fs the one surviving independent

kingdom in southern Asia, and in the!

Neht of recent events England's en-
croachment on the west and French
nggression on the east are suggestive
of Slam's peril.

King Vajsiravuth Its sald to have pro-
voked fll will by the adoption of an
anti-forelgn policy, but this seems un-
ikely when one recalls his education in
ngland and the debt which his father
owed and acknowledged to his European
and foreign advisers. The unrest In
China and its influence among the Mon-
collan inhabitants of Slam has caused
anxiety in the past and probably pro-
vides now a fruitful soll for the agita-
tor,

Slam exists to-day as an independent
kingdom, principally because of the
course pursued by the late King Chu-
lalongkorn Y., who did everything in
his pewer to elevate his people to a
modern standard, and the burden of
this polfey now rests upon the shoul-
ders of a young man whose European
education has fitted him to carry on the
task undertaken by his father back in
1868, In fact {it was with this idea in
mind that the late King sent the Crown
Mrince to England in his youth.

The Slamese people are the descend-
ants of the hardy Shans of the north.
Centuries back they started to fight
thelr way to the coast, following the
sacred Menam southward toward the
sea. Capital after capital was bullt
and abandoned as step by step. they

alted and then moved forward again.
This went on until the forebears of the
present nation reached Bangkok and
established themselves a short way off
from that long sought sea.

The years of battling and toll gave

ay to a fe of ease and indolence, and
the humid heat of the lowlands sapped
the martial vigor of that mountain

oth the court and the official life

conerally lapsed into an easygoing

Denied a ealary, officialdom

urished by virtue of graft. Such was

‘ve situation when King Chulalong-

korn J. came to the throne forty-odd
/ears ago,

He recognized the need of radical re-
forms, and had force of character
enough to override the ancient prac-
thes. He stripped the governors of
provinces of most of their feudal power.
‘latme long standing were settled, and
‘housands of prisoners held untried in
all were brought to bar, while guilty
\udges were sent to the vacated cells.
King Chulalongkorn’s path of progress
Was not an easy one, and his acnhieve-
ments would probably have been quite
Impossible without the ald of capable

forelgn counsellors, Here too some
nations of Iurope did much to harass
and hamper the King and to menace

(he unity of his dominion.

Slam has suffered territorlally through
‘he workings of that time honored ex-
bedient preliminary to national Jand-
grabbing, “the sphere of influence.” In
}s54 the British pressed over the west-
'n boundary Mne from Burma, and
Vrance tn 1898 forcedythe Menam with

rce warships, under the pretext of
hrotecting her subjects—just three in

imber—in Bangkok at that time.
(hut act was merely a ruse to cover
annexation of a large alice of

‘umese territory lying next to Anam.
but for British interference the French
micht have pushed westward all the

‘to Bangkok and from the north-
houndary right down to the Gulf

* Slam. The Anglo-French treaty of
*'8 Drought the selzure of Siamese
\erritory to @ temporary standstill, but
' disclosed at the game time the aims

December that|of the French Consular officers in Siam.

England's sphere of influence is
smaller than that of France, even
though she has been physically bet-
ter able than France to take the lion's
share. This seeming self-denial won
|King Chulalongkorn's gratitude and
English influence has therefore been
welcomed in the reorganization of
Siam’'s administration. For the most
| part the late King picked his advisers
from the non-aggressive countries of
| Europe, but Americans helped in the
inauguration of reforms. The present
King of Siam was born Jan 1,
1880, and at the age of 15 was pro-
claimed Crown Prince. In 1893 he was
sent to England to begin his European
jeducatidn and thereby hangs a tale
‘illustrative ef court life in Siam.

Agreeably to custom the King of
Siam is entitled to have three Queens,
who are supposed to enjoy equal rights;
but as a matter of fact this rule is
not without its inequalities. In addi-
tion to his royal consorts the King
may have any number of wives, and
Chulalongkorn {s eaid to have had any-

where from 600 to 3,000 of them, but
these women have no royal prerogative
and favor with the King is merely a
matter of caprice. ‘One of Chulalong-
korn's Queens was drowned while boat-
ing on the Menam, and by the surviving
two he had sons. The ggnior Queen,
the one he first married, was the mother
of one son, who became the hereditary
Crown Prince. Somdetch Chowfa Maha
Vajiravuth was the eldest son of the
second Queen.

During the lifetime of the Crown
Prince the first Queen sat on the right
of the King and shared with him cer-
tain honors denied his second consort.
Her son, as heir to the throne, was
guarded with the utmost care and all
; his meals were taken in private and

et by supposedly trusted servi-
|

 

tors. Despite these precautions the
Crown Prince sickened and died of slow
poisoning. He was in his seventeenth
year when stricken. A few days later
his half-brother, the present King, suc-
ceeded to the title.

At once there was a change in the
position of dignity of the rival Queens.
The King determined to remove Som-
detch Chowra Maha Vajiravuth from
harm's way and instead of having him
instructed by a resident English tutor
sent him to England to be educated, ac-
companied by a younger brother.

Upon his arrival in England the
Crown Prince's training was first taken
in hand by private tutors. When this
preparatory work was finished he en-
tered the Royal Military Academy at
}Sandhurst. His Hfe there was a du-
| plicate in all particulars of that of the
regular British cadet. His academic
record was good and he led. his class
in fleld fortifications.

After leaving Sandhurst he served

  

os

. -
a’

se

 

with the Durham Light Infantry at
Aldershot as a eubaltern. After com-
pleting his army service he entered
and passed through the history school
at Oxford, and followed that work by
reading law with a private coach. He
travelled a good deal upon the Continent
of Europe. He acquired fluency in the
use of the French tongue, and his
knowledge of English permitted him
to write a critical work upon the “War
of the Polish Succession,” which was
published at Oxford.

Before returning home in 1902 the
Crown Prince had worked hard to fit
himself to take up his father’s task and
already he has given evidence of his
strength of purpose and of his ingepend-
ence of some of Siam's time honored
customs. It Nas been the practice for
centuries for the Crown Prince to marry
among his half sistere born of the royal
wives, but Chowra Maha Vajiravuth
has resolutely refused to follow this cus-
tom. In fact, it is said that his stand
upon this question distressed his father
to the point of hastening the demise
of the late King.

The kingdom of Siam numbers a pop-
ulation of probably ten million, If not
more, and of these only about one-third
are Siamese. The country fs rich in
natural resources. Apart from its rice
flelds, its ivory, its rubles and its sap-
phires, its teakwood forests are a source
of incalculable wealth, The introduction
of the telegraph, the telephone, électric
lights, railways, and other commercial
‘Improvements has already worked won-
ders in revolutionizing the spirit of
Siam. In helping the native to reap
more abundantly from that rich
soil American farming implements
have been potent. For years, American
typewriters with Siamese cliaracters
have clicked away industriously help
ing to promote the business correspond-
ence of the country; and American fa-
cilities and methods in other directions
have helped along the revitalizing of
the nation.

Bangkok, the capital, Mes on the
Menam—"The Mother of Waters,”
the natives put it—fifteen miles up fr:
the Gulf of Siam. Situated out of the
beaten track of the
has been little visited by globe trotters.
Apart from this, physical conditions
‘have helped to keep the sightseeing
| foreigner away, the outlying bar at the
| river's mouth serving to make naviga-
ition in the past dificilt. For many
decades the native rulers fostered a
condition of comparative isolation for
the royal city.

Bangkok is virtually an aggregation | while t

of four associate cities.
or consu®r section is the part of Bang-
kok that takes to tennis and driving
| after the day's routine, is later com-
| forted by whiskey and soda, and finally
is wafted into the land of dreams by the
cooling draughts of punkahs kept in mo-
tion by seemingly tireless Chinese
| coolies, Next is the Chinese city.

 

Que ov
TONKIN

comtow BNiven Spwsne
& Tevovcoe PRENCH

quer #

MAP OF SIAM SMOWING FRENCH
-ANO. BRITS FAAS PMERES.

 

®8/ masculine shopkeeper will conclude no
‘om | sale or business deal until he has con-

tourist, Bangkok | with a total population of something

The European | and deep enough for boat travel. Traf-

Most |into the swift current of the river or

—EEEee——————————————_————EE

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

OF PO/JSONEOD

CROWW  _

i ‘PRINCE.
,

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

palaces stand. This is a community of
quite 10,000 souls, and within it are
the armory and the ancient royal mint.
It was in this latter place that the
national coin, the tical, used to be made;
and probably no more curious legal
tender existed until a few years ago.
In its older form it looked something
like a scarabeus doubled up at each

of the pawnshops of Bangkok are in
the Chinese quarter. There, too, have
flourished the opium joints.

The Siamese native quarter of the
town is characteristic. The greater
part of it rests both upon the river's

follows in the wake of a steamer with
confidence and success.

In the past the privilege of bullding
upon the shore and the river banks
has been largely restricted to the royal
family, the nobility and resident Kuro-
bank and the broad, swift flowing bosom | peans of prominence. The common peo-
of the Menam. It is virtually nothing | ple have been forced to house them-
more than a succession of plers or rafts, | selves upon rafts and other floating
upon which are the native shops, with | structures, which explains why the end, leaving two perforated spaces on
their open fronts displaying their curi- {natives are at home upon the water,|the under side. They could be sewed
ous wares at the water's edge, so that | Dingy and unlovely as these river habi-| upon one's garments, and for a long
the passerby in his boat can see where | tations are by day, they are clothed | period did double duty as buttons and
to stop for his bargaining. e | with an artificial charm at night. After | legal tender.

It is In commercial relations that the|the sun goes down these abodes glow The temples or wats of Slam are of
native woman rises superior; and the| with the light of hundreds of lanterns|a peculiar or individual type of archi-
hung in front of them. They are strung | tecture, save where they show the in-
in double and triple rows along each | fluence of the Greek settlers, centuries
side of the river. Mke great luminous | back, in their stately columns. Brick

 

 

 

sulted either his wife or his daughter.

pearls of varied hues.

Laughter echoes over the waters, and
to these sounds of pevelry tinkling cym-
bals, strumming strings and piping
reeds lend emphasis and charm of an
Oriental character. It is after night-
faJ}too that the court goes forth upon
“The Mother of Waters" in picturesque
and gorgeous barges. .

Royal Bangkok, the precincts of the
court, Hes beyond the river front and
back of the great groves of mangoes
fic and intercourse are therefore prin- |and the heavy tropic verdure of the shore
cipally by water and the skill of the| line. It tells of its presence by tower-
native boatman has long been the ob- | {ng spires and the many colored tiles of
ject of European admiration. In craft|the temple roofs, The road to the royal
that are too unstable to remain up-; city is not a straight one, because it
right unburdened the native loads his|has had to go around many a tree
cargo and jumping aboard swings off | deemed sacred in the eyes of Buddha's

j followers, Within the fortified walls the

Ike a million souls, quite a number of
the capital's citizens Ive within float-
ing habitations. These floating homes}
are not all upon the Menam, but lle
upon a network ef waterways tributary
thereto, and thi# has given Bangkok
at times the name of the Venice of
the East.

The streets are narrow and {ll kept,
he water thoroughfares are |

 

 

 

 

and stucco have been the principal ma-
terials. The ornamentation is particu-
| larly rich, and the roofs of bright col-
'ored glazed tiles lend an added splendor
to the whole effect.
| The purpose of the wat was to give
substance to “merit making” or an effort
on the part of a royal person to pro-
pitiate Buddha. With this work ac-
complished, the making of repairs was
not considered necessary, and, in con-
sequence, they are great masses of
| crumbling masonry in many instances.
Some of the surviving temples are strik-
ingly beautiful, and the delicacy of their
stucco and stone tracery is a marvel of
craftsmanship.

In seeming contrast are the gro-
tesque stone images of imaginary beasts
jwhich confront one on every hand, while

 

 

 

 

 

‘THE BILL COLLECTOR AND HIS EXPERIENCES WITH THE COCAINE ELEPHANT

It was a bright afternoon that
brought Mr. Coneleigh to sit on a bench
in Bryant Park. Facing the west front
of the Public Library, so that the sun
could come over his left shoulder, he bée-
gan to read @ book, which bore on its
outer cover the title, “Collectors and
Their Hobbies.”

Willam Dunhatter was on the other
end of the seat. He looked at Mr.
Coneleigh. It is disconcerting to a
reader to have some one else watching
the thing he !s reading. OConeleigh
closed the book.

“How'd you come to lose out?”
asked.

“Oh, easy enough,” said Dunhatter.

“Drink habit?"

“No,”

“Firm busted?”

“No.”

“Drug habit, then?"

“Yes, but not In the way you mean.
It was like this,” continued Dunhatter.
“I didn’t lose out. I got laid off. The
title of your book brought {t all back
to me. I am a real collector. I collect
money.

“I made a brave start one day to
round up @ man, whose street number

he

[haa proved heretofore to be fictitious.
A hasty lunch brought on a toothache.
|I went to a dentist. He advised the
| removal of the tooth by a new and pain-
jless method. I consented.

“He filled me up with fluid cocaine
| and started in. The ensuing struggle
| found him victorious. He had won; but
{not painlessly, I walked to Bryant Park
| and sat down to think it over.

| “The trees took on a purple hue and
the statues were getting unsteady on
thelr bases when I realized that time
was made for work. Therefore I arose
|to find the address of my elusive debtor.

“Now there is a place of entertain-
ment In Sixth avenue. At the eastern
|end of the building there ts an alley-
| way, which is used for storing scenery
and other accessories, I entered the
| doorway of this alley in pursuit of my
|address. I saw the customary belong-
ings and an elephant.

“I knew that the human eye can
often catch and hold the gaze of the
wildest animal, 1 looked at the beast.
He rgturned my gaze, bowing and

 

 

scraping with his trunk in a manner
which he may have meant to be humor-
ous, but which I thought to be sar-
Maddened by his

 

castic and impudent,

insolence I rolled a large envelope into
@ ball, and throwing it, struck him
squarely between the eyes.

“I walted long enough to see a jook
of dumb amazement come over his
countenance; then I moved outward
and eastward toward Fifth avenue, A
dim consciousness of wrongdoing came
over me. I heard a fence crash. Why
had I assaulted this innocent brute? T
did not need to look back; I knew that
the patient, but insulted creature was
following me!

“I froze to the spot for an instant.
My voice failed me, Then my IMmbs
moved, and I started to run. I could
dodge through the procession of car-
riages at Fifth avenue, and the beast
would lose my scent! I ran under the
necks of horses, almost under their feet,
and reached the east side of the avenue,
But before I could turn I heard the
brute tearing his way through the line
of vehicles, and my conscience told me
that I was still pursued, I realized also
shes there was a great &40mmotion be-
hind, .

“I could hgar the hoarse roar of the

ing, started south to Forty-second
street. Already I fancied I could hear
| his soft, heavy feet close behind, Every-
body made way for us. Even police-
men are not hired to stop elephants, I
dodged cast on Forty-second street, As
I passed the subway entrance I remem-
bered that I could have gone down into
the bowels of the earth, bringing the
beast to die on the third rail, or to be
struck by a train, It was too late for
this, however.

“My wind and my nerve were fast
failing. With a last mighty effort I
reached the Park avenue tunnel and
took to the ‘southbound track, The
brute was now within a few feet of
me. I felt tit. I conld imagine his
trunk describing semicircles in the air.
In a few seconds he would tower over
my prostrate body, and | would collect
no more, Quick, for the narrow stone
stairway that leads up and out of the
tunnel at Fortieth street! { reached

saved!
“I felt that the now infuriated brute
had hurled himself into the small pas-

populace, One fool, from a second story |sageway and safely wedged awaited
window, tried to direct me. I needed |capture. Then the ordinary street
no encouragement, On! On to Madi- | scene was enacted, Policemen on foot,

son avenue. I had read in my geography
that an elephant can walk faster than a
man can run. What if the outraged
beast should start to run!

“I reached Madison avenue. and turn-

| policemen mounted, surrounded the dis-
couraged animal, He was too disap-
pointed to fight. Fire engines gath-

 

the sharp gong of an ambulance swelled

it, clambered the worn steps, and was |

the nolsy tumult. TI was acclaimed a
hero, The crowd cheered me. A stout
man smothered me in his arms.
**you done nobly,’ he “sald.
you.’
“Then the ambulance surgeon got me.

'He sald | was suffering from shock. |

|1 should think I was! He sent me
home to bed after warning me of the
|awful consequences of the drug habit.”
“But,” said Coneleigh, “your firm
}could hardly blame you for that. You
were probably keyed up.- ‘

| “Keyed up!" said Dunhafter, “2 was
| seared But it's coming out all

up. 4
}right. I start out in Philadelphia in
asked Cone-

} two weeks.”

} “Why Philadelphia?"
llelgh.

| “Well,” said Dunhatter, “I can _re-
|cover my nerves in a strange city, Dif-
ferent surroundings, you know. Be-
|sides, my beard will have a chance to
| grow.” e

| “I don’t understand,” said Coneleigh.
“I do,” retorted Dunhatter, “The
|newspapers got my picture. Every
shitty debtor In town had a chance to
see It,”

| “And you'll wear a beard for the bal-
}ance of your days?" asked Coneleigh.
“Not if | know it,” answered Dun-

| hatter,
| enough,

“Three months will be long
A New Yorker can't remem-

‘days old.”

     
    
     

TAME LATE HINGE,
CHU LALONG HORM TE»

and is 100 feet long, termi-
in a spire of gold. Upon it ere
multitude of images varying
2 from the tiny sapphire Buddha
to @ colossal figure in rich gilt. The
walle and the pillars are resplendent
with the trophies of Buddhist victories
over worshippers of other creeds. The
floor is paved with diamonds of polished
brass, which catch the lights of the tall
tapers and refiect them a thousand
fold, thus multiplying the fire, which
bas burned continuously in Buddha's
homage for more than a century.

The Emerald Idol, itself, is about a
foot high and something like eight
inches In width. The hair and the collar
of the figure are made of virgin gold.
Into that metal, when molten, were
mixed rudely finished crystals, sap-
phires, topazes, rubies, amethysts, onyxes
and diamonds, so that they blended
and produced a splendidly harmonious
effect. Tradition has it that Buddha him-
self alighted on the spot in the form
of a great emerald, and created the
glittering edifice and altar.

The royal library is probably the most
ornate of the palace buildings. It was
there that the present King's older half
brother was poisoned while pursuing
his dally studies. In the centre or prin-
| Seat apartment of the library there is
| n octagonal revolving bookcase or rinzo,
jwhich holds the priceless livly books.
It is a marvellous example of inlaid
work, and is deeply incrusted with sil-

ver, ivory, and mother-of-pearl upon
the richest of polished ebony.
In the palace grounds also is the

main hall of justice. The ways of the
law in Siam were singular for cen-
turies, and more often than otherwise
the practice was to send both parties
to a suit, as well as the witnesses, tg
jail on the theory that confinement
would do more toward sifting out the
truth and in separating the innocent
from the guilty than a trial.

Near the royal habitation are housed
the sacred white elephants in a tem-
ple or wat built especially for them.
Fach elephant has its own apartment
and personal keeper, and over these
attendants, by royal appointment, are
several supervising noblemen of the
court. The elephants are not really
white, but elther a light gray or a gray
of a pinkish hue. Their eyes are pale
and resemble those of a human albino,
The so-called white elephant is con-
sidered an incarnation of Buddha.

The well being of the King and that
of the elephants are supposedly inti-
mately identified, hence the reason for
the deference accorded those fn the pal-
ace temple. They are fed on the ten-
derest of grasses, bananas, herbs, sugar
cane and a special sort of coarse bis-
cult, and for drink they have the purest
of water, into which fragrant blossoms
are thrown.

Even though the present King of
Siam is without a Queen, still the "City
of Women” is as potent as ever in its
{Influence upon court intrigue. There,
sheltered behind great brass doors and
guarded by a corps of amazons, sur-
vive the hundreds of wives of the late
King attended by a host of slaves.
These women are drawn principally
from among the daughters of native
noblemen who have sought personal ad-
vancement through the admission of
their daughters into the court as ladics
in waiting, later becoming wives of the

King if successful in winning favor in

 

‘I saw) his eyes.

It is easy to realize how much of
ithe atmosphere of the royal city is
repugnant to King Chowfa Maha
Vajiravuth because of his Engt'sh
training and the influence which Euro-
pean administrative advisers hive’
exerted on him. His accession to the
throne fs the second step toward that
progress which his father initiatea in
his break with tradition and his divorce
from many of Siam's old customs. It
Was the present King’s father who
said, when himself a Crown Prince, “lt
| should rather be poor and have to earn
my living than be a King. ‘Tis true,
& poor man must work hard for his
daily bread, but then he is free.”

Modern facilities are gradually exert-
ing their spell everywhere in Bangkok
and are increasing the commercial in-
terests of the foreigner. The royal pal-
ace is principally equipped with Euro-
pean furniture and the unblinking elec-
tric light sheds its glow even in the
\clty of the King.

The imports of Siam reach annually
a value of something like $18,000,000 and

 

ered, amid a group of trolley cars, and|ber anything that is more than ninety|no inconsiderable share of this should
properly fall to American merchants,