=

Se teal

Se ee ee

Re A SRS ana

oe

Se

ince SST nae

ee

AA RADE Or eg onto

> Satan

:
t
;
i

   
   
    
   

WORST

Among those whose business te with
the sea the general opinion seems to be
that in some respects the past winter on
the north Atlantio has been the worst
ever known. ‘Such a thing as a pleasant
crossing has been almost unknown.
Boreas, or his neighbors in the other
quarters of the heavens, has been rampant
much of the time. The ocean has been
kept continually churned up, and “moun-
tainous” has seemed to most winter
voyagers all too mild a term to apply
to the seas they have seen kicked up.

From early in November the big breezes
have been busy, and gale and tempest and
hurricane have followed one another.
It has been the unusual thing for a ship
to arrive on schedule time, Delays of
from twelve hours to three days have been
common.

Fortunately there has been no ship-
wreck among the passenger carrying
craft crossing the ocean, While ship after
ship'has arrived with rails swept away,
lifeboats stove in, ventilators gone and
many a port light missing, the damage
among the liners has been confined almost
entirely to deck damage. Steamship men
@o #0 far as to say that thereis no serious
injury the ocean can do nowadays to a
full powered ship of the size that is getting
to be the standard for ocean crossing. ~

Nevertheless the sea has taken its toll
of life and of wreck during the winter
just gone. From the former the Atlantic |
liners have not escaped, for if anybody |
happened to be on deck at the moment |
a mountain of water hurla itself where he |

is etanding it is apt to he thesameforhim | gime of them have been cruising con-
as if the ship had gone down. | tinually all winter except for short trips
Ship captains have taken unusual! ¢, their home stations for supplies, and
precautions to keep passengers below. many a disabled craft has been towed
There may have been grumblings from! },y them to a safe haven.
those who prided themselves upon being) ~ }ast transatlantic liners made no record
excellent sailors, but the skippers knew \trips in November. From the middle of
what they were about. There have been | (¢ tie month ocean greyhounds had rough
cases in which passengers did not heed | voyages and experienced delays. The

warnings and went out upon deck in a| grist gerious casualties were reported

heavy sea, to be brought ashore seriously | jy the Fabre liner Sant’ Anna.
injured. In most cases commanders of ‘During the voyage which brought her |
vessels have preferred to take no risk. | are in the latter part of November the
In point of weather generally the past ship was struck by abigsea which hurled
twelve months have afforded some un-| four men over one funnel into the sea
usual features. Last summer the deserts | ang injured four others. One of the men
of Arizona and New Mexico were flooded | gent skyward happened to catch a ring
with rains. This part of the country was |},,oy that was thrown to him after he
threatened with a water famine. The! ctruck the ocean and was saved. One |
torrid zone, according to returning visitors | of the injured men was so badly hurt that
from the tropics, has had more than its| je died two days later. Capt. Francois
share of heat this winter; this part of the Pavey, the commander, said that in his
world has had a cold weather record. | ninety-four previous trips across the |
On the other hand, people have been! atiantic he had never seen such a big;
coming down from Alaska with tales of | waye. All the men caught by the sea
almost midsummer heat in what are! jad been on deck making fast the hoods
usually pictured as frozen up regions | of the ventilators. |
“During the early part of the winter Ships due December 3 and 5 were a day |
there were a great many severe storms,” | Jate. The Cedric, arriving December 7, |
said James H. Scarr, the local weather | reported having been chased by a water- |
forecaster. “One feature of the season | spout. In the same storm the, Olympic, |
has been the frequency of storms and |piggest of all ocean vessels and towering |
gales on the north Atlantic. These have} above them all, caught a sea which
resulted in serious casualties, especially | cmashed a ventilator and several port
in the neighborhood of the British Isles. | jights

“There is this peculiarity about a great) “The Kronprinz Wilhelm on the same
many storms, that while they are severe | voyage was more than a day late and
upon leaving this coast they lose their! reported having encountered a sea that
identity in mid-Atlantic and then regain | wrenched off a ventilator, smashed in
thejr force upon approaching Creat! two lifeboats and carried away ten feet
Britain. But one of the worst storms | of rail. The Baltic, in two days later,
of the winter, that which caused tloods | peas

: lreported four days of turbulent
in Spain in January, formed somewhere | and terrific gales. One of the latter had
in the neighborhood of the Azores, |

! crashed over the port bow and torn away
“In January there were many storins. | the after rail of the bridge. ;

One of the heaviest gales of the winter The Cameronia, the Lapland and the
was that of February 21 and 22, when! Carmania, arriving December 15, had a
the wind got up to 120 miles for a single portion of the same stosm. The Oceanic,
minute. The storm of February 26, | in on December 15, was a day late and had |
though not as severe, followed much the | 4 broken rail to show. The Provence, also
same course as the one previous, devel-| 4 day late, had encountered three days of
oping out in Arizona, moving east to the terrific seas, one of the latter carrying
lower Mississippi Valley, then changing | away a portion of rail and damaging the

 

 

to the northeast and passing out toward
the 8t. Lawrence Valley.

“We are now installing a wireless
weather service on coastwise steamers
and we are negotiating with the trans-
atlantic liners for a wireless weather
service. ‘This will be of immense ad-

bridge

{| The Rochambeau, a smaller and slower

ship of the same line, caught three days
of the same storm, during which 1,500
dishes were broken, all the glassware
in the bar broken, mosi of the deck chairs
swept overboard, and two stewards sent

, the gentlemen looked equally magnificent

vantage to the coastwise steamers, which | to the hospial with injuries
will not only make reports but will get) ‘The Kronprinzessin Cecilie, the fastes
the weather reports at a certain hour of | of the North German Lloyd ships, sailing
the day. from Cherbourg many days after the
“If we succeed in making arrangements | Rochambeau had left Havre and arriving
with the transatlantic steamers we shall| here December 22, encountered two days
be able to make complete weather charts | of hurricane, on one of whicha sea reach-
for the north Atlantic, and such a service! ing moré than sixty-five feet above the
would be of immense advantage to the | vessel's water line broke out the windows
British Isles, whose weather service is| of Capt. Hégemann's cabin, just under
now seriously handicapped by not having | the windows, and let about ninety gallons
land to the westward of them. Of course, | of water inside. The Amerika, which got
this would enable us to perfect the At-!jin the next day,reported weather so bad
lantic weather chart which we now keep] that passengers had been kept between
posted at the Custom House, and part! decks. The Campania on this voyage was
of which we have to construct without | two days late reaching her dock.
positive data to work upon.” | All this time reports of wrecks of
This has been a busy winter for the | schooners and small steamers were com-
United States revenue cutters, a great | ing in, though without much loss of life.
portion of whose work now consists | Capt. Francois Allo of the French brig
in getting rid of derelicts that are a menace | Marie Suzanne of St. Malo reached here
to navigation and going to the help of | December 26 on the Seguranga and told |
ships in distress, and it is believed that| about the loss of his brig near the Ba-
their work has contributed largely to! hamas.

keeping down the list of marine tragedies | The Marie Suzanne loaded salt at Turks |

 

 

QUAINT ELIZABETHAN DANCES. !

|
im Many a Great Deal of Kissing Intro-
duced-~The Pavane and Galliard.
From the London Evening Standard

By far the greatest single manufactur-

o> oe

CS
=

. —_
BS

a

OPES Wn

LINER AFTER STORMY
VOYAGE->

Island and started for Quebec. A day
or two out a gale blew the sails out of the
ropes and the brig settled in the trough
of a sea on her beam ends. ‘The seven
men who composed her crew got safely
into the longboat and spent seventy hours
in it before they made a small island in
the Bahamas.

The Olympic, arriving December 28,
reported the roughest voyage of her ex-
perience. On New Year's Day the three
masted schooner Mary S. Eskeridge of
Seaford, Del., was sink six miles south
of Cape Hatteras and the same day the
schooner Julia A. Trubee was picked up
off Barnegat after her crew had been
working twenty-two days at the pumps.
The Italian steamer Taormina, arriving
January 2, reported that for three days
of her voyage she had been able to make
only four miles an hour against the storm,

The first week of January was marked
by a hurricane on this side of the Atlantic.
Vessels of the north Atlantic fleet were at
the time engaged in a practice cruise and
for days there was anxiety about many

 

| pir : Ns 1),
ORWARD DECK OF ATLANTIC

 

  

Vl

 

TINER FROM MEDITERRANEAN IN HEAVY GALE.

| city and saved another 15,000 to their | thousands of these garment makers make

When Elizabeth was Queen of England | ing industry carried on within the metro- | associates by liquidating mortgages and | from $25 to $50 a week each on fine goods.

the atyle of dancing in vogue is best de-

scribed as being of the homely or domestic | twenty miles from the City Hall, is the |

style. Previous to the Reformation there production of ready to wear garments
were no really national dances at court, but

after that period there was a change, until | - — pnt Predeenen eee mn
in Elizabeth's reign such dancing had | ¥@ ue ne yearly outturn of iron and
reached its most popular epoch, {steel plants for the whole country by

The names of the dances then in vogue | almost $28,000,000.
have such quaint names (some of which are| The New York zone makes moat of the
familiar to us from childhood games) as garments worn by 75,000,000 units of the}
Bare we go round (he mulberry buss"| Population of the nation. In ready to
and many others. There seems to have | ee Somsas = Steenmente ve
been a great dea! of kissing introduced inte | rom ‘exWie products ® Zone ma ces |
these dances, which were more or /less clothes for most of the women and girls
games, and doubtless caused much merri- | Of North America and does an increasing
ment. That was in Tudor times, of course, | trade with South America and Australia,
when customs were different from what | and with Europe as to a number of special-
va ane now. ties.

e Pavane was a most famous and @pately

dance and admirably suited to the dress of Taken altogether the workers in these
the period, when the ladies bore themselves | ‘rades are thrifty and well to do. It is
proudly in rich gowns of atif brocade, and | estimated by savings bank officers in the
New York zone that they have on deposit
with their richly plimed hats, gayly colored | in savings banks and trust companies
costumes and jewelled swords. In reality lat least $350,000,000. When the Stock
it was mare of a procession than a dance, 80 , f}xchange wished to find money for erect-
slow and stately were the measures.

Of Spanish origin, the Pavane came to ting its new building, which with the land
France, where it was extremely popular, 'i8 worth $5,260,000, the mortgage was
and et one time the dancers while going placed with an East Side savings bank
through the various figures used to sing: | ing majority of whose depositors are

Approcne donc, ma belle, $

Approche-tol, mon bien; wage earners in the ready to wear gar-

‘ Ne me sbuls plus revelle, ments trades. \
Pulsque mon c@ur est tlen: No other field of work in the city ao-
Tee? Mon O00 apsiesh counts for 60 many wage earners who
and kissing formed a suitable accompani- own homes, Large Areas of the boroughs
ment to the words, This then evidently | Of Brooklyn, Queens, The Bronx and
was another of the “kissing” dances then so| Richmond which a few years ago were
popular J.ater on this part of the dance cow pastures are now filled with homes
owned by workers in the ready to wear
garments trades. Two hundred building
and loan organizations hereabout are

 

 

was eliminated and the dance gained in-
crea sed stateliness

Apot her dance is the Galliard, which ts a
ively dance, being one of the “dances
ules” popular in the sixteenth century,

These dances had usually a skipping ate lominat by me
4d Were in contradiatinetion to the “« ances q ad -” , 2 and warnen in these
8. Which were more courtly and dig- | trades, ithin ten years these associa-

tions have built about 37,000 homes in this |

plete their payments. Building and loan
associations carried on by ready to wear
garment makers in this zone have done
an enormous amount of building in
northern New Jersey within a decade of
years, besides depositing many millions of
dollars in the banks of that part of New
Jersey.

In thousands of instances the home
owners among the heads of families in
these trades own ‘in the least densely
populated parts of Brooklyn, Queens,
Richmond, The Bronx and northern New
Jersey domicile lots of one to four acres,
and the land is cultivated for vegetables,
berries and fruit, Almost 75 per cent.
of the ready to wear garment makers
are foreign ‘born Hebrews and Italians
and children of those people. In most
instances the immigrants are from the
rural parts of Russia, Germany and Italy
and they understand farming. Of those
who live in the densely populated parts
of the city the ambitious are saving all
they can in order to buy a little home
with a garden patch, in or near the gar-
ment manufacturing zone.

A considerable number of the super-
annuated Italian workers in the garment
trades who have homes with lots in tne
suburbs are doing wellatraising Angora
goats, which yield hair that when properly
graded for market to makers of plush and
mohair goods fetches 45 cents a pound,
The parents of from four to six well grown
and active children employed in garment

factories can soon pay for a modest home | clipper
clothing.

with the weekly wages that the children
usually hand to the mother, from $40 to
$60 in the aggregate from four to six
workers, and that is a low estimate,

|politan zone of this city, a radius of | giving the owners longer time to com- |

 

|
|

|made at Boston and New
| sailors,

In these trades the small factories are

many and the large ones few. Goods to
the amount of $00,009,000 a year are
made in this zone in small factories that
turn out garments for men, women and
children, This sum is almost double
the value of the annual production of
all the gold mines of the world. ‘The
wages received by the local garment

workers average a third more than the |

average wages for foreign and domestic
gold miners.

It was the gold mining fever. in the
West sixty years ago which put the local
ready to wear garment trades on strong
foundations. efore that time nearly
all the ready to wear clothing was called
“slops” or “hand me downs” and was
Redford for
Ready to wear garments for
women were almost unknown sixty years
ago, and ready made shirts for men were
few and derided by careful dressers.

It so happened that the sewing ma-
chine became practicable in 1850, just as
the rush of gold seekers to California
began, and this really created the industry.
Throughout the early days of gold mining
in the Pacific and Kocky Mountain zones
and in Australia the ready to wear gar-
ment makers of this city and vicinity
had the lion’s share of the trade. The

resent senior partner of one of the great
vanking houses of Wall Street between
1850 and 1880 covered California, Nevada,
Utah, Colorado and Australia as a sales-
man for a New York clothing house,
He made almost as much by speculations
in banking exchanges as he did in com-
missions in clothing, and that was what
induced him to embark in banking.

There are now in the Wall Street dis-
trict active in banking nd brokerage
eight men who started t air business life
by sailing from the foot of Wall street in
tips bound for California to sell

in those days most of

  
 
 
  
   
     
  
  
 
   
   
    
     
  
    
     
   

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH. 9

WINTER KNOWN

| sion.

 

i Sn

|

of the destroyers who were making
mimio warfare.

The Dixie, which accompanied a flotilla
of the smaller craft as tender, shipped
heavy seas and her pumps got out of
order. The Perkins, the Walke, the
| Ammen and the Sterret finally showed up
‘at Bermuda with their boats smashed.
|The Terry was disabied at a point 372
| miles southeast of Sandy Hook and took
eo much water aboard that all her stores
were flooded. Her engines and pumps
ir disabled and her wireless equipment

HE MID-ATLANTIC ON ONE OF ‘THE WORUYT PAYS.

IN JANUARY, 1912.,

ON THE NORTH ATLANTIC

Big Liners Battered and Delayed by a Series of Furious
Storms Without Precedent—Many Wrecks Among
the Smaller Craft and Lives Lost —Good
Work of Revenue Cutters

 

{ vented Sound steamers from leaving their
|dooks, tho firet time such a thing had
| happened in many years. The Ooceanio
| got part of this blow, coming in twenty-
four hours late. In the same storm tne
| Nantucket lightship was torn from her
| anchorage and was fifteen hours reaching
lan anchorage. Also in this the British
\three master John Harvey was wrecked
| off Winged Point on her way from Boston
to St. Pierre Miquelon. Her crew suc-
ceeded in getting ashore, but two died
from cold and exposure.

 

carried away so that she could not call
for help.

The -Paulding also lost her wireless
equipment, had two whaieboats smashed
and rolled over so far she almost showed
her keel. The McCall was not heard from
for several days.

That was the same storm that pre-

These women could be seen going from
their homes to the clothing sho with big
bundles of clothing carried on their heads
that would have taxed the strength of a
public porter.

On the outbreak of the civil war the gold

mining fever had died down and

the
clothing houses suffered acute

{ e depres-
ohn J. Cisco, a felothing maker
of that time, who was Aseistant Treasurer

of the United States in 1861, one of the!

fathers of the national banking ‘system

and afterward a promoter of transcon-
tinental railroads, was asked early in
1863 by an organization of men workers
in the ready to wear clothing trades to
address them on the prospect for a revival

in trade. He said that the country was
on the eve of a long and costly war that

would demand enormous exnenditures |
for clothing and that New York, having |
the machine hands, capital and ex-

erience, woula make most of the cloth-

ng for the big army and naval forces,

He predicted that the war would last

more than three years.

Northern and Southern newspapers
and public men derided Cisco's remarks,
They said that the war would be all over
by midsummer, When recruiting hegan
thousands of workers in the ready to wear

armenta trade enlisted. When after
ull ‘Run the Government saw that it
was in for a long war, and contracts for
millions of dollars worth of uniforms
were placed here, it appeared that more
than one-half of the vigorous young men
among the working tailors and salesmen

in the ready to wear garment lines were
at the front. There were so many tailors
in certain New York regiments that they
could be told by the good fit of their
garments and neatness of uniforms,
which they made over to suit their critical
taste.
A good many of these men in the arm
and navy bought out of their pay extra fine
cloth which they made up into uniforms |

 

! cloth

| The Allan liner Corinthian had to put
into Halifax. She had two feet of ice
on deck. In the same gale two barges
| were sunk off Cape Lookout and five men
drowned. This storm piled up wrecks
all along the coast. During ite progress
or just afterward revenue cutters ren-
dered aid to thirty-seven vessels and it

  
  
   

NEW YORK CLOTHING TRADE EXCELS WORLD'S GOLD MINES

prize to any man who should fetch in as
prisoner a first class New York tailor,
to be employed in making up some fine
that he possessed, Soon after-
ward a Chicago tailor was captured, a
member of the Fifteenth Illinois Infantry,
and Magruder kept him fully employed
and at good wages for a long time.

The invention forty years ago of the
machine for cutting many thicknesses of
cloth in a fraction of the time consumed
in cutting one thickness with a pair of
shears gave a great uplift to the ready to
Wear garment trades in the zone of New
York, It requires the work of 150,000
makers of domestic and foreign taxtile
products to supply the fabrics that are
worked up into ready to wear garments
in the zone of New York city. ‘lo house
the samples and stock of these trades
on the island of Manhattan almost the
equivalent of the area of Central Park
is used in floor and shelf space,

Willing to Accommodate.

From Law Notea,

A New York Justice got a jolt the other
day, and he is telling the story of it yet.
He said that fate one afternoon he gave a
case to a jury and that it was 4:30 o'clock
the following morning before the jury
agreed upon a verdict,

“Lt waited for the verdict,” sald the Jus-
tice, “and after it was returned | told the
jurors that as it was possible that moet ef
them were married men if they desired |
would give to each a certificate that he
had been detained until 4:30 o’clock in the
morning on jury service,

“The jurors consulted together for a*few
minutes, continued the Justice, “and then
the foreman arose and said, ‘We thank
you for your consideration and appreciate
the kindness of your offer and desire to
say that if your Honor needs a certificate

for themselves and for others who would | to the effect that you were detained until| powder, shot, match, tar, pitch

" : the | pay a fair price for the work. Gen, | 4:8) o'clock in the morning waiting for our
cutting and pressing was done by Ger- | John B, Magruder, the richest officer in| verdict we will gladly so. certify,”
jiInans and the sowing by Trish women of | the Contouerute aemy, and belore tae war! ‘The Justice bastily declined this kind
great physical strength, for Whose use | accounted the best aressed officer im the! offer with thanks and just as hastily

as] an extra large sewing machine was made, | regular army, early ip the war olfered @| adjourned court, eer

 

 

was estimated they were instrumenta! jn
saving 800 lives.

Liners due within a few days after thi,
storm caught it good and heavy, th.
Franconia, the George Washington anc!
the Lapland being two days late. On tho
same day they arrived there crept tn tho
Astrea, from Huelva, Spain, with three
boats gone and her charthouse and her
bridge loose in thetr rivetings. Nort day,
January 17, came in the Olympic, which
had caught over a bow a sea big and
powerful enough to wrench a five ton
hatch cover from its coamings and snap
off two donkey winches.

The freighter Karema came in a little
later with a tale of what had happened
to her just after leaving Gibraltar, when
a big sea picked up a donkey engine from
the forecastle head, dropped it on her
superstructure amidships, and finally
swept away the engine, two lifeboats and
a long section of rail. Three men were

swept overboard in this same storm.

On January 10 the three masteq
sohooner Harry Prescott was wrecked
off Cape Hatteras, but her crew were
saved by boats from the life saving station
ashore. The list of casualties for the
month among freighters and coasters
is heavy. There was much ice in the bays
along the Atlantio coast. For three weeks
the Chesapeake Bay was frozen over,
and Boston harbor was also choked up,
Coasting schooners which ordinarily take
two or three weeks for a trip were out
as much as six.

The Annie L.~ Russell has sunk off
Tatham, N. J.. January 8. The steamer
Carolyn, bound from Stockton Springs,
Me., to New York witha cargo of potatoes,
went ashore two days later on the north
end of Metinic Island, and began to break
up. Her crew of thirty-two men were
taken off by the revenue cutter Andros-
ooggin. The same day the little steamer
Madeleine was sunk off Cape Lookout
and in the same storm the British steamer
Thistleroy was wrecked not far away
from the same spot. -

In the same storm two Gloucester
fishing schooners were lost on the coast
of Newfoundland. In the latter part of
that month three men were washed over-
board from the British schooner Success
as she was trying to make Jacksonville.

February provided not so many casii-
alities as the month before, but the ocean
was far from quiet. The Cameroria,
arriving on the 6th, reported that her
passengers had been hurled about much
during the voyage. One man who ven-
tured. on deck while a big sea was on
was thrown against the starboard rail
and knocked unconscious,

The Snowdon Range, British steamship,
arriving at Boston the same day, reported
that one man had been lost overboard,
another seriously injured, and her boats
and deck fittings and a part of her bridge
had been swept away. The British steam-
ship Erne, bound from Boston for Buenos
Ayres, was wrecked in lat. 40 N., long.
50 W., and six of the crew, the captain,
his wife, the second mate and a passenger
were lost. Eight of the crew clung to
the ship and were rescued by the British
steamer Cuban.

The hurricane of February 21 and 22
was felt generally along the coast. The
United States quarantine ship Jamestown
was driven ashore at Jamestown, Va,,
and shipping in New York bay suffered
much. The liner St. Paul got in late,
ner passengers having been kept below
most of the way over. The Campania
was a day late because of the storm, and
when the Columbia got in it was found
that two of her lifeboats had been carried
away, four others smashed in, her wireless
house stove in and a part of the navi-
gating bridge broken, She was two days
late.

One of the most surprising casualties
of the winter so far as the transatlantio
liners are concerned was that which
happened to the Rotterdam during the
voyage which ended March 12. The ship
ie one of the really big craft afloat, but
she had a rough battle with gales and
seas, and was two days late in reaching
port. One of these seas broke over the
steering engine house and killed the junior
chief engineer and battered up the boat-
ewain so that he died.

During the last week or so ships have
been getting in more nearly on echedule
time, and sea captains seem to think that
the season for severe storms is over.
They say that the winds must have blown
themselves out, at least for a time, and

they predict mainly favorable weather
for spring crossings.

HEARTY EATERS AT AQUARIUM.

One Takes Ten Pounds of Food r Day
and Another Twenty.

The biggest fish at the Aquarium,
and also, among the fishes, the biggest
eater, is a jewfish that arrived here from
Key West, Fla., October 17, 1911. ‘This
fish is 5 feet in length and weighs 250
pounds. It has a big, bullry body and a
big head, which would measure about
fifteen inches across at the base of the
jaws. Ita big mouth opens wide and
deep; it could take in the bottom of a
water bucket.

This big fish could easily take codfish
weighing four or five pounds apiece
whole, but they don’t feed it that way.
They give it for food codfish and herring,
the herring whole, but the codfish cut up
in strips weighing about a pound and 4
half each. Of codfish and herring (o-
gether this big fish eats about ten pounds
daily, seventy pounds a week.

Of all the dwellers in the Aquarium
there is but one that eats more, that being
the sea lion, which takes twenty pounds
of food daily; but the sea lion is 8 feet
long and weighs 600 pounds.

 

 

 

Restrictions on Grocers in 17th Century.

From the London Chronicle.

Shopkeepers in#the seventeenth century
were subject to other restrictions than
those respecting prices. It was enacied
that “any person using the Trade or Mys-
tery of the Grocer should not either by
themselves or any third party directly
or indirectly keep more than one shop at
the same time,”

Grocers were also forbidden to sell wy
commodities except “raysons, currinis,
sugar, spice, sope, candle, molasses, «'!\-
rozen,
tobacco and pipes, cotton wool, cotton ) arn,
starch, blueing, rise, linseed oil, whiie aid
red i.ad, olives, prunes, figs, Spans) whi @
alabaster, alum, almonds, brimetoue, lamp-
black and candle rusbes,"