Rone weeks ago we quoted Mr, MacColl
eoncerning Romney that he “took over
tho nature and art so cunningly oon-
pounded by Reynolds as for granted and
apiit half of it in his easy handling.” Let
ia woe if this dictum holds good in the beat
of ltomney’s work, For Henley the
dondnant in Romney's life was the note
of wexual tragedy. The worship in paint
which he professed for Emma Lyon is
comparable in its kind and in its degree
ty that Which Dante practised for Beatrice
in poetry. That he was not materially
hor lover is suggested by the fact that
he never tired of painting her. Accord-
ing to the English critio Romney's place
» British art is not with the highest. He
had grace, invention, facility; above all

 

\ r

THE SUN, SUNDAY,“ MARCH 4%,

oe
1912. °

os renee

 

 

As Romney's local fame increased his! years, and further records of prices paid
ambition took a wider range and he| are preserved in ledgers and cash books,
determined to try his fortune in the| which remained in possession of the
capital, leaving his wife and two children | Romney family until 1804, when they were
behind him. Romney's so-called deser-| purchased at Christie's by T, Humphry
tion of his wife has for the last century| Ward; upon these exhaustive data a
called forth a vast amount of cheap and! new “Life and Catalogue Raisonné” by Mr.
foolish sentiment, culminating in Tenny-| Ward and Mr. W. Roberts has been pub-
#on's poem entitled “Romney's Remorse.” | lished. Early in 1782 Romney became ac-
As a matter of fact there is nothing what- | quainted with Lady Hamilton, theh cafling
ever to show that Romney's wife was|herself Mrs, Harte, Both Hayley and
dissatisfied with her lot; all her friends} Romney were bewitched by her, the
and relations were at Kondal, and ehe|one celebrating her charms in verse,
probably had no desire to go to London. | the other in paint. She was at the time
Romney regularly remitted very con-/ living under the “protection” of the Hon.
siderable sums to her, as his bank pass-|(. F. Groville, and there can be no ques-
book proves; his only son, John, was | tion that ahe inspired Romney as no other

English school; the honors of the first
and second places indisputably beloug to
Reynolds and Gainsborough. Romney's
portraiture was of a more poetical type
than either of these two; simplicity too
i one of hia chief characteristics. In

his greatest compositions there is nothing |exhaustivo lists of Romney's pictures | and that his color was often flat, thin and |

of the stagy element of Reynolds nor
of the showy dexterity of Gainsborouyh.
As a draughtsman he ranks high among
his contemporaries, and must forever
remain one of the chief glories of English
painting. Enjoying during his lifetime
an almost unparalleled popularity, for
nearly three-quarters of a century after
his death his merits were almost univer-
sally ignored. The exhibitions at the

| New Gallery, the Guildhal!, London, | both a number of his masterpieces and

INTERESTING THINGS SEEN IN THE WORLD OF ART

j and produced that simplicity of metho],

‘and more especially at the two Romney |inany very inferior examples, his faults | purity of outline and nobility of eflect

| exhibitions at the Grafton Gallery, 1900-01,| Were perhaps tore evident than his
| and elsewhere in London and in the prov- | great qualities,
jinces. Sir Herbert Maxwell's excellent | it clear that his breadth on occasion was

little volume on Romney. contains fairly | apt to degenerate into mere emptiness,

So does | poor, and his flesh tones hot, that his
Bryan's and the article by Mr. Roberts | manipulation was at times loose and
jim it. ; |careless and his knowledge of form
\\ Romney at his best was one of@he sim- |faulty, while he repeated his motives 60
| plest and most natural of painters, His | often and placed his sitter in the same
‘technical range was a narrow one, and attitudes so frequently that in a collection
‘in practice he very rarely departed from | of some hundreds of his canvases his
‘the methods which marked his earliest }frequent poverty of itnagination and
efforts—methods which were the result | lack of invention in composition become
of his own experiments and experiences, | too insistent. In this latter direction

and of his engraved works.

This exhibition made

educated at Cambridge and for many/|sitter did. His first portrait of her is
years spent his holidays with his father.|now absurdly known as “Nature,” and
The son was devoted to his mother, and if | is that in which she is represented with
the “neglect” was so scandalous as ia/| 4 little spaniel under her arm, The Rev.
sometimes made out John Romney would|J. Romney in his memoirs enumerates
have shown some resentment; but neither | twenty-four pictures of her in various

he had, and still has, charm; but if he were
a type of the artistio temperament, it
ie as & man With a passion, who painted
one woman in such a way that he ohiefly
lives as that one .woran’s painter,

British Institution and at the Royal | and owed little or nothing to the precepts | indeed he displays little of the variety of
Academy winter shows quickly rescued! of any particular school or the instruction | his two great contemporaries.

him from oblivion and to-day his finer | of any one master. His limitations were | If, however, these less successful efforts
works excite the keenest competition. | narrow when compared with those of some | are put on one side and attention is con-
His charges were extremely moderate, | of his contemporaries, but within them | centrated upon his finest works—and he
being at the height of his fame 25 guineas | he accomplished much work of euperfine | accomplished many of them {in his time—

George Romney was born at§{Walton-le-
Furness, Lancashire, on the 16th Deo-
cember (old style, Decomber 26, ac-
ording to present reckoning), 1734. He
belonged to a respectable yeoman family,
vy hose original home had been near Ap-
nleby, but the painter's grandfather had
during the troubles of the civil war been
obliged to move further south, At Dal-
ton he married at the age of 60, and had
several children, His son John, a cabinet-

maker, married in 1730 Anne Simpson
ef Sladebank in Cumberland and had
iy her a daughter and ten sons, of whom

e second was the artist. George Romney
in his school life did not show any special

aptitude for anything, and to the end of
his life his spelling was, if possible, one
iegree worse than his handwriting. He
worked with his father from about 1744
to i731. He soon developed a great fancy
for mechanics and employed his leisure
in carving 6mall figures in wood and in
the construction of experimental violins,
a passion for musio leading him to this
ast pursuit. While in his father’s shop
he was in the habit of making sketches
of his fellow workmen, and he obtained
a copy of Leonardo's “Treatise on Paint-
ing.” Which he read with deep interest,
making copies of the engravings, and

ther book, “Art’s Masterpiece,” which
contained some practical hints on oil
painting. Other sketches and likenesses
done at this time showed so much talent
that John Romney was persuaded to take

 

his son to Kendal and to there apprentice
him (for four years at a premiumfof £21)

» an eccentric painter, Christopher
Steele, whose love of dress and affecta-

tion of French manners and tastes had
ned for him the nickname of “Count”
. Steele had studied in Paris under
Vanloo, was not without talent, but was
idle and extravagant. Romney's inden-
ture is dated March 40, 1755. Steele neg-
lected his pupil employing him as a
mere etudio drudge. Romney admitted,
however, that he gained experience, even
under these unfavorable conditions.

 
 

his “Memoirs” of his father nor his letters | characters, but the real number, with

show any trace of this. The arrangement |4 great variety of rapid sketches which

was clearly a mutual affair. In 1762, on
March 14, Romney started for London.
By rapid and continuous work at portrait
painting he had raised a sum of nearly
£100. Taking £30 for his own expenses
and leaving the surplus to his wife, he
arrived in the capital, where he almost
immediately formed (or probably re-
newed) friendships with Daniel Braith-
waite of the Post Office, a native of the
Kendal district, and Stephenson, the
banker, whose wife was also a native of
Kendal. He established himself in a
small studio in Dove Court, near the
Mansion House, whence he removed in
August to Bearbinder’s lane. The mo-
ment was favorable and there was much
truth in Fuseli's remark that “Romney
was made for his times and his times for
him.” In 1763 he painted a “Death of
General Wolfe,” to which the Society of
Arta awarded him a prize of twenty-five
guineas. Tradition states that departing
from the accepted convention of the day
Romney painted his warriors in their
actual costume and the critics fell foul of
his work, contending that the event
represented was too recent to be strictly
called a “historical” subject and taking
great exception to the cocked hata, cross
belts and bayoneta of what was con-|
temptuously described as the Sooat and |
waistcoat style.” Mortimer, the historical |
painter, had also competed with his |
“Edward the Confessor Seizing  the|
Treasure of his Mother,” and the upshot!
of the controversy was the reversal of
the society's decision, the award of the
fifty pounds to Mortimer and of a gratuity |
of twenty-five pounds to Romney. There}

| is no proof of this any more than for the |

| theory that this reversal was chiefly due

to the intervention of Reynolds.
However this may be, a coldness always

existed between these two artists. Itwaa|

not until about 1775 he divided the pat-
ronage of the fashionable world with |

Steele, finding that his practice as a por- | his two great rivals, Reynolds and Gains- |

trait painter was an insufficient source
of income, resolved to carry off a lady of
fortune whose affection he had gained

| borough.

Lord Thurlow declared that |
the whole town was divided into
two—the Romney and the Reynoldse—

 

 

 

DUVEEN BROS. GALLERY.

Romney at various times made, run into

 

 

 

 

and 80 guineas for a whole length, 93

 

 

| THE LADIES CAROLINE AND ELIZABETH SPENCER (“BEAUTY AND THE ARTS"). AFTER ROMNEY.
THE WERTHEIMER COLLECTION. NOW IN THE POSSESSION OF H.

2
(FRO
E, HUNTINGTON, ESQ.) FROM THE

 

| ana simplicity and dignity of design;

several scores, although many of the/| inches by 57 inches. The market value | so that his best portraits make an irresist-

so-called “Lady Hamiltons” have no
claim to that title. Some of the rapid
sketches are of great loveliness. The

of a good whole length now varies from
10,000 guineas to 25,000 guineas. The
Fitswilliam Museum,

| ible appeal both by tne purity of their
conception and by the loveliness of the

and aided by Romney he succeeded in| factions, adding: “And I am of the Rom- | friendship with this sitter lasted up to
marrying her at Gretna Green. ney faction.” Such comments irritated | the close of the artist's career, but the

The excitement and anxiety caused | Reynolds, who later in Romney's career | statement that “he reduced the number
ly this affair is said to have thrown Rom- | '§ Said to have habitually called him/ o¢ his sitters to devote more time” to
ney into a fever, through which (accord- “the man in Cavendish Square.” In| hor has no foundation in fact. He speaks

Cambridge, con- | vision which the painter saw eo vividiy
tains a series of forty-seven pictorial | and set upon his canvas with such direct-
designs and studies by Romney pre-|ness and sympathy. When gazing upon
sented by his son in 1817; these are de- them his faults are forgotten, and that
scribed at length in the son's “Memoirs” !|he had faults, often serious ones, must
of his father; while eighteen cartoons; be acknowledged by even his greatest

ng to tradition) he was nursed by Mary | !764 Romney paid a short visit to France,
\bbot, a good and attractive girl, who | Where he met Joseph Vernet, and a year

lived with a widowed mother and a sister | later he won the first prize of the Society

of her as “the divine lady,” but after
1791 he saw little or nothing of her.
In Boydell's “Shakespeare Gallery”

at Kendal. Between her and the painter | °f Arts with his ‘Death of King Edward.”
an attachment sprung up, and on his | From 1763 to 1772 he exbibited twenty-
recovery he married her on October 14, five pictures at the Free Society of Ar-
1756, Romney being nearly 22 years old. | tists and at the Society of Artists in Spring

Romney warmly cooperated, claiming

idea.
the “Infant Shakespeare” and the “Tem-

were presented by the same donor in 1823
to the Royal Institution at Liverpool.

The National Gallery contains seven

|examples of his work-- Lady Hamilton

} Parson's Daughter.” a life sive group,a young man, he had been placed for | Works,

admirers. His drawing was frequently

for a portrait 80 inches by 25 inches, | quality, imbued with a delicate apprecia- | all his faults are forgotten and forgiven
90 guineas for one 50 inches by 40 inches | tion of physical beauty, a grace of line | in the contemplation of many high quali-

| ties which render this art 6o fascinating.

| He was in his own way one of the most
| original artists,and the technical methods
{he adopted were very largely the result
| of personal experiments which he found
| best suited his purpose, while his ideals
| were always noble and lofty ones, and
| his continual aim was so to improve him-
| self in his art that he might embody
| them on canvas ag least adequately.

| He was one of the most poetical painters
| his century produced, a dreamer of dreams,
| a man haunted by visions of beauty, which
jhe never ceased to struggle to express,
sometimes with complete success, and
| sometimes failing to realize in paint
what was pictured so vividly in his brain.
'He had the gift of seizing and fixing
on his canvas that strange evanescent
spirit of female beauty, that “Fata Mor-
| gana” of painting, which greater artiste
than Romney have seen but failed to

secure, as Mr. Lionel Cust notes. This}

|search after the complete expression of
| beauty he often carried to excess, 80 that
| the result becomes mere prettiness and

which became his highest ideals. It
is owing to such qualities as these that
Romney's designs have so much in com-

|mon with those of his younger contem-

porar and friend John Flaxman His
imagination was leas vivid and much more
fickle an | superficial than that of William
Blake, and his visions had not the wide
range, the depth and the loftiness which
gave reality to the dreams of that extraor-
dinary genius; but the two men were of
the eame school, more particularly in
the methods of expression they em-
plo: ed to embody their thoughts in con-
crete form. In many of Romney's char-
coal and other unfinished studies
design frequently suggests Blake, while
in the ‘Tempest’ picture the small forms
of Ariel and other sprites and fairies
riding on the clouds at once recall similat
graceful figures in Blake's myatic books.

T..e echoo!l to which Romney belonged,
emotional and poetic in its aspirations,
was in marked contrast to that of Sir
Joshua and his followers, which was
based upon more complex theories and
a closer study of the great painting of
the past, wider in its rango and far more
versed in the subtleties of light and shade
and of color, and seeking a more completa,
realization of nature Romney's art,
on the other hand, displays far less realiam
and a singularly decorativo effect, and lie
obtained his resulta in the modelling of
his flesh more by delicacy in the gradation
of tints than by elaborate devices of
chiaroscuro.

In the management and rendering of
his draperies he was often extremely
happy, and in this respect he was not
surpassed and indeed rarely equalled
by any one of his conternporaries. Some-
thing of this he owed to his study of

the

{ancient sculptures, and much came from

his habit of painting the whole of his
pictures himself. Though he had a pupil
or assistant from time to time, it was
seldom he allowed them to put brush to
one of his own canvases. He finished
everything himself and never called in

| cloys from its very sweetness, as in some | +,4 drapery ‘painter to his assistance,

|of the pivttures which made Greuze 80
| popular an artist in his day; but often,
|too, when the inspiration compelled
| him to the utmost of his powers he saw
beyond and below the mere surface love-
linees and reached higher beauty of char-
acter which, half hidden to the unob-
| Servant behind the facial mask, yet shines
‘ through the eyes, illuminating end vivify-
ing the beauty of the features by its
revelation of the human soul behind them.
| In such canvases as these he reaches more
| than once almoet the highest pinnecle of
artistic success, as in the wonderful por-
| trait of Mrs. Lee Acton, which is not only
irradiated with u beauty which is irre-
sistibly charming but possesses dignity
and simplicity as well.

“In ‘Serena Reading’ the same result is
| obtained. Simplicity and dignity were
|the two qualities for which Romney
‘alwayé consciously strove, and the
| ‘Serena’ is an example of how enchanting
! an effect he could produce by them. This

little picture embodies with great com-
pleteness al] that was best in Romney's
art, possessing both grace and ease in its
arrangement and the flow of its simple
lines,an assured handling in the painting
of the white dress and an exquisite sym-
patby in its appreciation of the modesty

 

as was the constant habit of many artiste
of his day. He was #0 popular a painter
in his day that he helped to bring about
; that simpler fashion in costurnes which
| was beginhing to be adopted toward
the close of the eighteenth century.
This search after simplicity he carried
jatill further in his choice of pure white
or some single subdued color, er even
j black, for the dress, only relieved by a
brighter touch in hair ribbon or waist
belt. Probably many of these ladies only sat
| to him for the head and hands ayd,though
| consenting to be represented in a costum*
displaying much of the severity of ancient
Greece, did not go to the length of actually
putting on anything which betrayed so
painful a departure from the fashion of
the moment. The figure, therefore, he
often painted from a lay model draped
‘in the style he considered to be the most
| pictorially fitting. And there you have
the difference between the two schools.
| Despite his convulsive
|

 

 

 

abbreviations
Manet would no more have indulged
in such an inartistio blunder than Rom-
ney would have painted the Olympe.
!For the present writer there is more
charm of handling character, quality
and richness of pigment in Renoir's La
| Baigneuse (now at Durand-Ruel’s)- than

| faulty and at times bad, while throughout and purity of youth, the whole effect in-; anything gentle George Romney ever

jhis whole career his knowledge of anat-
;omy was superficial and inadequate.

indeed the merit of having originated the | as a Bacchante, and a sketch of the same | He was hampered at all points by his lack
Two of his best historical efforta, | sitter, a work with the fancy name of “The | of sound early training.

If, when still

His wife was devoted to him, and at|Gardens and never afterward sent a pest” (in which Hayley sat for Prospero), | of Mr. and Mrs, Witiam Lindow (an early |a year or two with some artist of rea!

first even kept him supplied with money, Picture to a public exhibition.

It was! were contributions to the undertaking.

| picture), Mra. Mark Currie (painted

j ability he might have attained to the

sending emall sums concealed under | not indeed until 1817 that any work of his| jn 1797 Romney removed from Cavendish | in 1789), a lady with a child, and one | highest rank among the greatest portrait

the seals of her letters while he was on | Was publicly exhibited excepting at the | Square to a house he had built at Hamp-
his professional tours with Steele. Inj artists’ sales at Christie's in 1804, 1807/ stead in order to get more room in which
1757 Romney, who had grown weary of | and 1810.

his apprenticeship, induced Steele to|company with his friend Ozias Hum- | thus described in a letter to his son: *I

have made many grand designs; I have

cancel the articles, and as a setoff con-| Pphrey, the miniature painter, bearing a
sented to remit a debt of £10, borrowed recommendation to the Pops, who al-| rormed a system of original subjects,
at various times by his master. Romney's | lowed him to erect scaffolds in the Vati-| moral and my own, and I thiak one of
tirst work on his own account was a sign | can in order to make copies from Raphael.' the grandest that has been thought of—
‘or the post office at Kendal—a hand | He stayed two years in Italy and returned | but nobody knows it. Hence it is my
holding a letter, which long remained | to London on July 1, 1775. He took rooms | yiew to wrap myself in retirement and
in the window. He practised at Kendal! in Gray's Inn and at the end of the year! pursue these plan®, ab I begin to feel I
for five years, making a living by portrait | removed to 82 Cavendish Square, left! cannot bear trouble of any kind” ‘The
painting at very modest prices—two | vacant by the death of Cotes and after-! jast words point to early symptoms of the
guineas being his usual charge for a| ward to be tenanted by Sir Martin Archer} mental disorder which was to shadow
half length. The Westmoreland people | Shee. One of his first and most influ-|the close of his career. Always hypo-
gave him commissions in plenty, and | ential patrons was the Duke of Richmond, | chondriacal, he began soon after his
among his productions of this period | and for the next twenty years Romney ' removal to Hampstead to fail rapidly both
are the portraits of Walter Strictland | may be described as being overwhelmed | in mind and body. He gave up painting
f Sizergh and his wife, Charles Strict- with sitters. His income from portrait ) and in the summer of 1799 he set out for
snd and others of the family, many painting alone sometimes amounted to| Kendal. His wife tended him till his
f which still hang on the walls of Sizergh; | between three and four thousand a year.| death with the greatest devotion. He

ol, Wilson of Abbothall and Morland|He worked indefatigably, often sitting
of Coppelthwaite, besides a few original | at his easel for thirteen hours and having
compositions—“Lear Awakened by Cor- | five or six sitters a day, a month's annual
delia,” “Lear in the Storm,” “A Shane| holiday, which he spent with the egre-

did no more work, but made frequent
excursions in the neighborhood and pur-
chased the estate of Whitestock Hall,
Ulverston, where his family retnained for

of two versions of Lady Craven. The

National Portrait Gallery’contains eight

bust of W. Hayley, Lady Hamilton, James
Harris, Thomas Paine, the artist himself,
the family of Adam Walker and an in-

different portrait catalogued as William |

Cowper, to whom it bears no resemblance,
The Print Room, British Museum, con-
tains a number of sketches and studies
for pictures. The engraved picture of
“Titania, Puck and the Changeling”
is in the National Gallery of Ireland,
while the portrait of Mrs. Ker of Black-
shiels, which for many years hung on loan
in the National Gallery of Scotland, was
recently purchased by Mesers. Agnew.
The Wailace collection contains the heau-
| tiful portrait of Mrs. Robinson (“Perdita”);
‘a whole length of Sir John Stanley was
acquired for the Louvre, Paris, in 1897,
At Christ Church College, Oxford, there
are portraits of Dr. Euseby Cleaaer, John
Wesley, Archbishop Agar, Lord Chief
Baron Macdonald, Viscourt Stormont

painters of his own or earlier days. That
is the opinion of Arthur B. Chamberlain

In 1773 he set out for Rome in| tg carry out some conceptions he had|R. Cumberland, Flaxman modelling the | in his exhaustive volume

As it was, in spite of incessant labor

tensified by that strain of imaginative| painted.
poetry which possessed Romney, though
it rarely found perfect expression in his
except in certain of his portraits
children.

“To the achool of poetry and sentiment
—which sometimes degenerated into the
merely sentimental—Romney belonged,
and in him it found if not its highest yet
a very pure and lofty expression, the
school which included in their different

 

 

 

of

EXHIBITION

  

{to improve, more e&pecially during his | degrees such artists as Flaxman, Williain
stay in Italy, which was made too late in| Blake, Thomas Stothard, Fuseli and the
life to be of much service in the direction | Whole body of sentimentalists from
in which his art most needed strengthen- | Angelica Kaufman downward. The close
ing, he never overcame certain difficulties, | 4nd constant study which Romney gave
the complete mastery of which is neces- | to Greek and Roman sculpture not only
‘sary before those secure foundations | during the two years of his residence
}ean be laid upon which the greatest art | in Rome but for the remainder of his life
must always be built. He probably | in London, where he filled his studio with
| painted more bad pictures than either of | casts from many famous masterpieces,
his two great rivals, and this was due|had a natural and very marked effect

\ sitters, which obliged him at times to, tion of his subjects and the arrangements
hurry over his work and to practise a|and handling of his draperies but also
, hasty and summary handling which was at times in the painting of the face itself,
apt to become careless and conventional, | so that the effect he produced was often

'
;partly to the unusual number of hie | upon his painting not only in ee

Water

John S. Sargent

AND

Edward D. Boit
I). Knoedier § Zo.

Colors

   
  

 

and in fart because as a rule he depended |more sculpturesque than pictorial. In
upon his subject for inspiration and not! many of his clearcut profile portraits |
upon himself, and not infrequently his| the inspiration of some Greek gem or
{fashionable clients were singularly un-| cameo is suggested, and was no doubt
‘inspiring. In this way he is less fitted | often the actual source of the arrange-

556-558 Fifth Avenue
Until March 30th Inclusive

     

 

dean Piece,” “A Tooth Drawn by Candle- | gious Hayley at Eartham, being his only
“A Landscape with Figures,” | relaxation. While in Cavendish Square
I'wenty of these he exhibited in the | he painted over 2,000 portraits and fancy

nearly a century. He at last sank into
@ state of mental paralysis and died on
November 15, 1802, aged not quite 68 years.

rhe
ight,

and Bishop Smaliwell; several are at to stand the test of an exhibition devoted
Cambridge and a number are at Eton | entirely to his own work than Reynolds
College. Many of Romney's more impor- | or even Gainsborough with all his in-

town hall at Kendal and disposed of | pictures.

them by a lottery, which brought in the |

rum of £40.

ART NOTES.

 

\dke « great, glowing and sane sun is the
‘rt of John Sarwent as revealed in his water-
clorms (forty-five tn all) now on view at the

noedier Valleries, a eun that clears the
air of the mtasmio mists and perilous fogs
of fake art which bang over this town like
‘ pall. And this applies quite as much to

ademic as to neoimpressionistio art.
‘iere ts Sargent, who belongs to neither
‘ategory, He is an tmpressionist in his

‘atercolor, there {6 alr, there is sunshine;
{ there {s also form, ‘The shape and gait
‘ things terrestrial not obscured by that
sive metaphysical entity known as the
‘ng an sich, the thing In iteelf. Sargent
views the world aot galy sbrewdly but also
‘ith open eyed wonder, You will no doubt
‘'e® that he adores life. After his long
rervice in his studio and fn my lady’s bou-
ofr bravely representing eilke, satina,
noes, furbelows, pretty inane frivolous
‘aves, hia present voyages tn the luminous
‘ind of nquarelle are real adventures in
‘int. To miss the joyous riote of tint,
) #weetness, ght and humor of these
‘rgeut watercolors, would be to miss the
vst el@nifcant art event of the season's
Fe tide, Go to Knoedler’s, Don't
{ the Bott watercolors on the other
oofthe galery, They are but excellent
stu the fugues and fanctes of John Sar-
rent’ jinagination and = extraordinary
nity
he Oiteenth annual exhibition of Ten
vrican Painters at the Montross Gal-
‘os In bigger and better than last year.
‘ro lo more snap, There are a lot of
‘ines (an tnnovattion) and the full
estra of the ‘Ton plays, which means
litward= Simmons has resumed his
‘ut the yellow clarient desk and in
ion to three drawings actually con-

sirtue

vies four paintings, one of which, a
' ot Mrs. Oliver Herford, is a testi-
to bis solidly grounded science

skilled, withal heavy, brushwork.

Dewing

» Tady in Gray is his solitary
® and thrice sub-
composition with its exquisite
‘Ww consummate mastery of

‘ering, Subtle Dewing!

» ie tht
eUrtaren,

The record of each sitting was most

| scrupulously kept by Romney for twenty

planes.
many.

But, we suspect, “caviare” to
Mr. Chase fs at his best in the por-

He was buried at Dalton.
| Taken all round Romney may be ranked
i= the third great artist of the early

the best Florentine period. Such delicious
grace, such flesh tones. Mr. Davies uses

| trait of William Grosvenor, Dean of St.| the Marattacolors. They are very effective

 

John the Divine. The rear of his Floren-
tine villa is a fresh bit of color.
De Camp shows a girl holding her violin.
Fine foreshortening of the fiddle hand.
The little shoemaker'’s shop by Chikie
Hassam might serve as a pendant to his
beautifully painted facade of a Chinese
store in San Francisco. You remember it?
The blues were literally celestial. He has
other canvases here.

 

Mr, Wein last year gave us a view on
East Fifty-elghth street looking from Park
avenue. This year we get a view looking
west, a wonderfully expressed nocturne.
We admired his girl with the profile. The
young girl at a window by Frank W. Ben-
son (lent by A. B. Gwathmey, Esq.) and the

portrait of hie daughters in crisp sunshine |

and fleeting shadow are both noteworthy.
There is plenty of perspective in Willard
Metcalf’s two road scenes. Mr. Tarbell
sends a lovely lady in blue and Robert Reid
nearly a half dozen of his shimmering,
iridescent, Jewelled pictures. Mr. Met-
calf makésa his successful début in allver
point drawing, and Mr. Hassam, not to be
outdone, hangs on the opposite wall
a gold point, not, however, a process, but
the title of a sparkling study of ollff and
sea,
to shame the spring academy.

What can one write about the exhibition
of paintings by Arthur B. Davies at the
Macbeth Ciallery; rather ask what is there
new to say? The same masterly draughts-
manship; no one can, even measurably,

approach him on this side of the water, |

and only a few men in Europe possess as
he does such a creative line. His figures
quiver with vitality; even those that sleep
suggest the potentiality of profound life.
As to the arabesques and allegories, the
symbols and psychic histories, such matters
we leave to our betters. For those who
take the trouble to run,i.e., use their brains,
they may read what, all said and done,
are not inscrutable enigmas. Look at

Joseph |

Altogether an exhibition that puts
!

for certain tonalities,
nance or slipperiness. In Achea (No. 24)
for example. Towered Earth (No. 30)
evokes the Tower of Babel. And that Gol,
den Sea Garden (No. 27), with its pyramid
of women. What does it mean? Only a
poet can tell; only a painter could have
| painted it. Is It this?
ie as

The plain, gloomy and implacable was
{lluminated on its anonymous horizon by
one rift of naked leering light. Over ite
| ilimitable surface surged and shivered
| women, white, dazzling, numberleas. As
| waves that lap on lap sweep flercely across
| the sky line, as bisons that furtously charge
epon grassy wastes, “as the rill that runs
from Bulicamé to be portioned out among
the sinful women,” these hordes of savage
creatures rose and fell in their mad fight
across the plain. No sudden little river,
no harsh accent of knoll or hill, broke the
immeasurable whiteness of bare breast
and ivoried shoulder, It was a white whirl
of women, a ferocious vortex of terri-
fled women. Not a eaiah made these mystic
brides,’ not a sound, asl they dashed de-
spairingly down the gulf of time, Arthur
B, Davies could set the Apocalypse to new
tunes, new rhythms, '

without reso-

 

 

More homely and commonplace ts the

“National Association of Portrait Painters,”
now showing their work at the new Rheia-
hardt Galleries, For one thing there is
little that is novel in the canvases, the
majority of them having been seen during
the past and the present seasons, And there
| {s much that is mediocre, Mr, Alexander
is at his best in a portrait of a lady, and the
name of Cecilin Beaux is always one to con-
jure with. Mr. Chase has a capital head
of Steichen and George Lyks two merry
little boys in harleguin costume, a vivid
| characterization. Mrs, Howard Gardner
| Cushing, exotically portrayed by her jhus-
|} band, was seen a few months ago at the
| Monttosa show. The names of the artists

 

| pictorial fare offered by the newly formed |

tant picturea have been lent to various

| equalities.

| ment of the picture.
It was the constant study of thease
remains of the great art of a past age,

In such a collection as that|for which he professed so boundless an

eld master exhibitions during the last | brought together in 1900 at the Grafton | admiration, that caused him to strive

 

 

and repel foreign intruders are as follows: He has imagination, plenty of technical

William Cotton, B. H. Crawford, EF. R
Crawford, Ben Ali Haggin, Victor D. Hecht,
H, L, Hubbell, De Witt Lockman, Robert

Robert W. Vonnoh. It is to be hoped
that they will do better next time. The

| resources and a lively feeling for rhythms.

| ing sculptures last week at the Pen and
| Brush Club. Gardner Symons fa holding

Mra. Clio Brackin of Boston, a former
MacCameron, Montgomery 8. Roosevelt, | pupil of Saint Gaudens, showed her charm-

thirty years; others have been seen at the | Gallery, an exhibition which contained | for similar qualities in his own painting

 

BUSIEST OF BUSY BEES. ° |
Taken South in Winter, They Work tne |

Year Round.

Although bees are apt to turn out on
} any sunshiny day, the bulk of their work

“European peril” will not be awed by such a special exhibition of his paintings at the|is done by the first of November and

@ gathering.

But we soon forgot modern futilities in
face painting in another room where stands
on ites easel Mr. Rhetnhardt’s beautiful
Gainsborough, the head and bust of the
lovely lady of Bath. It is a Gainsborough
among Gainsboroughs, having more char-
acter and less insipidity than may be found
in many of this master's examples.

William J. Glackons at his brilliant best
fe on view at the Madison Art Galleries.
Some of the work we have seen and praised
before--the bathing scenes and the green
car. Glackens is steadily mounting the
slopes of that terrible old hill of art. His
color was never more resénant. ‘

After Rodin--what? Surely not Henri
Matisse. We can see the power and indi-
viduality of Matisse as a painter, partic-
ularly as a draughtaman, but in modelling
he produces gooseflesh. At the Gallery
of the Photo-Seceasion there are a few
specimens of hia sculptures and recent
drawings. The bronze torso of a man
heavily accented and the back of a nude, a
drawing, are the beast things to be seen at
Mr. Stieglitz’s.

Henry Rittenberg of Philadelphia has
just finished a portrait of F. Hopkinson
Smith, alert, vital, the man himself. The
same talented young artist is working
at present on a full length of Mr. John H.,
McFadden, and hastily judging the work
as far as it has progressed there is little
doubt about it being a great success, Art
people in Philadelphia are enjoying the
new Bacchantes by a young Italian sculp-
tor, Giuseppe Donatello, made for a foun-
tain to be erected in the gardens of M, 8.
Hershey, the “chocolate king,” near Harris-
| burg. Donatello has enjoyed the friend-

 

 

No, 13 (Sbine, Mesper) and ask yourself |in addition to those meationed interested | ship and advice of Rodin, He has genuine
if you are not looking at e golden locks of ia this attempt to preserve home industry gifts. His plastic sense is highly developed,

;Corcoran Gallery, Washington, Willard
Dryden Paddock isat the Gorham Company,
showing his small bronzes, also paintings.
At Theodore BK. Starr's William Ordway
Partridge has an exhibition of sculpture,
Louls Katz announces paintings by Bolton
Brown at his galleries from March 25 to
April 6. The Primitive exhibition at
| the Ehrich Galleries came to a successful
close last night. Next Wednesday these
galleries will hold an important exhibition
of French portraits, Rigaud, Chardin,

Greuze, Drouais and others, At the City |

Club are paintings by Hawthorne and sevy-
eral bronzes by Alitkens,
pincott is showing paintings at the Snedecor
Galleries. The following painters are now
on view at the MacDowell Club: Eliot
Clark, Osip L, Linde, Isabel Cohen, Davis,
Dufice, Mathewson, Susan Knox and Nor-
wood MacGilvary. This show lasts till
April 2. Luls Mora is at the art gallery
of the Pratt Institute, Brooklyn, till April 8,

 

Increased Cost of Bullets.
From the London Mirror,

The cost of killing a soldier in battle is
going to be appreciably increased by the
rise in the market price of lead

The cartridge manufacturers who fulfil
| the British War Office contracts are at present
supplying large orders placed some months
ago at old prices, but the new contracts
will be revised in connection with the price

 

the last six months

“Not only the lead but the nickel casing
to p,t it in and the brass for the cartridgo
case have also increased in price. In fact
nearly all the base metals have gone up,”
sald the London manager of a well known
manufacturing house

“The rive in lead bas also increased the
price of sporting cartridges from 4 to 7!
per cent, 80 that shooling pariridge and

pheasants will cost you more,

William H, Lip-|

of lead, which has largely increased during |

| they have retired for their winter's sleep.
|'The beekeeper must now put cushions
jinto the tops of the hives, taking only
| what honey he is sure can be spared by

the bees, and leave them for their hiber-
natio:

n.

In Florida there is no such work to a
says a writer in Outing. The bees work ali
winter, and they have as good feed in
February and March as they do in July.
The orange orchards are alive with the
honey gatherers, and their buzzings blend
into almost a roar in March, for that is
when the orange flowers are open; but it
must be confessed that the honey has a
twang, something like the acidity of an
orange, and it does not compare at all with
that made from the basswood.

Besides the orange there are succeselv}
flowerings of legumes of all sorts all
the year, every one having a positive
| favor and very few of them giving to honey
a familiar flavor. Yet Florida is a natural
home of the bee, and honey in the Southern
States will yet become as familiar a prod-
uct as cane sugar.

In the Biesiesippl Valley and elsewhere
professional beekeepers carry their hives

flowers early in the season, turning around

by carrying them up and down mountain
ater the feeding & Pls on clover or base-
wood and other trees can be greatly
| lengthened.

 

An Awkward Break.

From the Cleveland Leader

“You've made a mistake in your paper,”
said the indignant man, entering the edi-
torial sanctum, “I was one of the com-
petitors at the athletic match yesterday
and you have called me the well known
lightweight champion.“
| “Well, aren you?” said the editor,
| “No, I’m nothing of the kind, and {t's
confoundedly awkward, because, you see,

‘m @ coal merchant, “

¢

to the south to meet the coming of the}

 

|

DURAND-RUEL

5 West 36th St.
Paintings

MAUFRA

Match 21st to April 6th

 

EHRICH GALLERIES

463 and 465 Fifth Avenue
at Fortieth Street

EXHIBITION
oF ‘
EIGHTEENTH CENTURY

     
  

 
 

 

toward the north and carrying them to |
gather the later sweets from later flower- |
ng apples and berries. In this way, or |

   
  
   
       
      

FRENCH PORTRAITS
———————————————————

Arlington Art Galleries

1247-1243 Fulton Street, Brooklyn
(Between Bedford & Nostrand Aves.)
SPECIAL EXHIBITION
of Recent Works by
Harry Roseland
Until April ist. 10A.M.to10P.M.
CHARLES E. HENEY J. 0. McDERMOTT

 

  

    

 

nn

ae ee

a