sl ean

a peanlie sedan

FS.

ae

eros

ST

ee

hee ieee

oe

Seine ne

ee oe

2 be

oa

See

yan Gn

Sdkno > tie benbicatendaale

 

The Lonely Spot in the Gulf of St. Law-
rence Where Mrs. Borque Made
Her Display of Heroism

That was a thrilling story which came | Pierre Wealon, the next keepr, managed
from Halifax last week concerning the | to hold out for nine years. He came toa
heroism of Mrs. Peter Borque, widow of | tragic end in 1880. In the spring of that
the keeper of the lighthouse on Bird Rock
in the Magdalen Islands in the Gulf of
St. Lawrence; but it is only one of the
many tales of death and disaster that can
he told of this barren and isolated bit of
land.

After her husband had been washed
overboard and drowned during a storm |
that threatened the demolition of the |
lighthouse Mrs. Borque kept the beacon
burning for ten days, and thus probably |
saved several vessels from piling up on
the rocks. Both she and her young}
baby suffered severely from exposure |
and hunger and she was so weak when
rescued by the Government steamship
Seal that it was necessary to carry her
on board. The authorities say that
the courage of this woman is unsurpassed
in the history of the Canadian lighthouse
service.

“For a time I thought I would go mad,”
said Mrs. Borque after her rescue, “but |
I knew I had to do my duty. My baby
suffered terribly from the cold, but Lheldit
as tight as I could. It was a terrible |

task to crawl with her into the light cham- |
her to keep the lamps trimmed, filled and
burning. There was food, but you!
couldn't cook, and the baby cried con- |

stantivy. Meny times I heard the whistles, |
but they wentaway when they heard the
bell ringing and saw the light.”

:

‘ THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1912. i,

 

cousin of the latter. Cormier's wife
was left in charge of the lighthouse during
his absence. They had noticed a large
number of hair seals lying on the ice to
the eastward, and proceeded in that direc-
tion, dragging behind them a amall boat
for use on the open glades of water.

The hunters reached the seals and made
many killings. Finding night approach-
ing they stowed their spoils in the boat
and headed homeward. But they had not
noticed, the threatening look of the sky

 

 
   
 
  
    
  
     

together their frozen hands. At length
Cormier tumbled over ina heap. Charles
Turbide fell unconscious at his side. Be-
fore daybreak both were dead.

Then Arsene Turbide went out into the
snowy waste and looked about him. The
storm had abated by this time. The snow
had ceased to fall. He could see clearly
now and quickly realized that it was im-
possible to return by the route he had
come, as the north wind had forced his
ice floe far out in the gulf.

 

S

Se eke Es VS
‘4 Nf Op
aN

 

IRD ROCK LIGHT. SCENE OF MANY TRAGEDIES

 

In the ,hazy direction of his home a |
fragmdnts of ioe. No boat could live in
such waters. His only cha noe for salva-
tion lay in the hard, frozen gulf toward | ies ; ‘
the shore of Cape Breton, even though | of the Keepers Isolation of the
Arsene buried the bodies of his com - | Magdalen Islanders
rades underneath the overturned boat. |
the slaughter of seals he turned bis All that cold day Arsene trudged over|he could not speak. Bo thinking him
face in the direction of Cape Breton | the rough ice with nei ther food nor drink. | either insane or a murderer, they thrust
a ata eee hind him.
Arsene struggled on again. When the
he rushed in headlong, flung himself down,
before a fire and at once fell into a sound

frapenéets of lon Wo bout coal! five tn | Insanity or Death the Lot of Many

that shore was seventy miles away.

Grasping the bludgeon he had used in/and atarted on his long journey. |totheinmates. They questioned him, but
him out and slammed the door shut be.
door was opened to him at the next house
slumber. When he awoke he narrated

SELSPAORE

 
 

TFTURBIOE
: his story, and then word was telegraphed
SYEEPER or TwE to Grindstone Island, one of the Magdalen °
BIRD ROCK group, to send speedy relief to the woman

 
 

SEH TS HOUSE
FOR 17 YEARS,

who had been left alone at the lighthouss
on Bird Rock.

Arsene did not recover from his experi.
ence and within a fortnight died from
its effecta.

Many stories might be told of the other
| Magdalen Islands. For many years they
|have been inhabited by a few thousand

natives who are descended from the
Acadians who settled in New France
under the leadership of Champlain and
De Mont. Since the first settlement
in 1768 generations of the same families
have raised meagre crops in the valleys
and fed sheep and cattle on the high oone
shaped hills which form a prominent
feature of an insular landscape. Year
after year fathers and sons have gone out
upon the white capped waters of the guif
for the cod, mackerel and lobster on which
their livelihood depends. Ancient lan-
guage and customs prevail among these
people, and the spinning wheel and hand

‘The Magdalens are a group of thirteen
or fourteen isiands that lie almost in the
centre of the Gulf of St. Lawrence. Their,
position makes them dangerous to vessels
and so many are the wrecks thereabout
that they have been styled by sailormen
the graveyard of the Gulf

Bird Rock is the most northerly island
of the group and is little more than a huge
rock rising abruptly out of the sea to a
height of 140 feet,on which the Canadian
Government maintains one of the most)

| Wealen and his son perished. |

 
  
  
 
  

year he, his son and an assistant ven-
tured out on the ice surrounding the Bird
Rock during a blinding snowstorm and
lost their way. The assistant succeeded

in returning to the lighthouse in safety, | De

Charles Chiasson, the third keeper of | WLLAER
the lighthouse, was killed on August 13,
1881, by the premature discharge of a BLACH SMITH
' signal gun he was preparing to fire. = ANO A
son and an assistant were badly injur rvewer oie

in the same accident.

inaccessible lighthouse stations of the! Telesphore Turbide, the next keeper,
Atlantic Thousands of gannets, | remained in charge of the lighthouse for
murres, kittiwakes and other sea fowl | over sixteen years, but even he did not
hover over it at all times, while beneath | escape the dangers of his calling. On
on its rocky ledges they have built myriads | June 24, 1891, he was putting homea charge
of nests in a series of tiers. The sides | ina signal gun when it exploded and blew
of the rock are very precipitous, and until | off part of his right hand.

coast.

  

ISLAND WOMEN.

 

!

| nor the increasing wind while engaged in

PIAGCOALEN

  

 

Sometimes he plunged through deep drifte,
sometimes he glided more easily over
windswept surfaces. As the day wore
on he was assailed by frequent spells of
drowsiness. But he was determined to

a few years ago, when a roadway was!
blasted out of the solid rock leading tothe
top, all visitors and supplies were taken
ashore by a cage lowered to the water
and hoisted up by means of a windlass.
The waves that generally break upon it
are so tremendous that it is only possible |
to effect a landing in calm weather,

But it is in such a wild and desolate |

‘and hundreds of men and boys from the

Another tragedy of Bird Rock occurred | the hunt and a furious snowstorm from |
in March, 1897. In the spring of the year | the northwest struck down upon them |
the hooded and harp seals come down on | guddenly.
the ice from Labrador and Anticosti, Rending their heads lower the men
plunged onward aimlessly. But there |
‘was no use in attempting to force their |
way through that endless drift. So Cor-!
mier and his companions determined to
fight the blizzard just where they were. |

fight and struggle to the end. When night
fell he dozed as best he could, but always
standing, for he knew that once he
stretched himself upon the ice it would
mean his last sleep.

The next morning he ore’ t up on a seal
and clubbing {t to death «ranx t . warm
blood. He did not know ivnt es gar
ments, his face and his hands were

Magdalens go out to hunt them for their
pelts and oil. These seal hunts are at-
tended by many dangers. A storm is
liable to come up and drive the hunters

loom still provide homespun for both men
and women.

In seasons when the fishing is good
the average Magdalener makes geuffi-
cient money to supply his wants. In
poor years they sometimes suffer dire
distress. During the “Great Misery” in
the winter of 1882, and again in 1897, food
became so scarce that the Canadian Gov-
ernment was obliged to send supplies to
the islands to prevent a famine.

The inhabitants of the Magdalens ere
completely isolated from the world for
six months in the year. In the summer e@
small steamer subsidized by the Govern-
ment plies semi-weekly between the
islands and the mainland of Nova Scotia.
During the long winters this service must
be abandoned, and persons on the island
remain there unti] the boat resumes its
trips in the epring.

The telegraph gives them the news that
is foing on in the world during their
isolation, but of course there can be no
exchange of letters. Sometimes this
mode of communitation fails, as in 1010,
when the cable to the mainland broke
and could not be . The
natives in this instance resorted to very

; civilization.

spot that the man in charge of the light-| out to sea on the moving ice. Snow
house must make his home during the | covered fissures may mean death in case
entire year. Jean Quetta, the first keeper, | of a misstep. The danger of drowning is
remained one summer with two assistants. | ever present.

Then the solitude preyed so upon his} In March, 1897, Damien Cormier, an as-
mind that he went insane. He recovered sistant keeper of the lighthouse, started
his reason only when he returned to! out on a seal hunt accompanied by Charles

 

 

 

They halted and overturning the boat
made a sort of shelter.

|
The storm raged more violently. The

cold became intense. An icy numbness
seized the feet of Cormier and his two
companions. In agony the men jumped
up and down on the ice, beating their

 

      

| MAGOALEN

SSLANO SHOFCE hal WE:

| Turbide, a lad of 17, and Arsene Turbidgarms across their chests and poundin g |

smeared with blood, but he did realize
that he had secured renewed strength
and courage to continue his journey.
Late that afternoon ho reached Meat Cove
at Cape Breton, and scarcely able to drag
himeelf along, staggered to the first house
in sight. Opening the door he entered
not knowing the appearance he presented

cans was dropped over in the waters
of the gulf and trusted to fate. Ten days
afterward the tide carried it to the main-
land sixty miles away and the letters
were sent to their . Unfortu-
nately the southern drift of the gulf
evoo any answers from being sent
reply.

 

MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY'S ANTARCTIC EXPEDITION

|

Scientists Will Seek for New Specimens of Min-|
eralogy, Botany and Zoology—Capt. Cleveland,
the Skipper, Naturalist, With the Daisy, to)
Conduct the Expedition

A new expedition to the Antarctic,] because of the presence of coal on it, as
to be undertaken by the American Museum ! well as fresh water, a variety of cabbage,
of Natural History, is announced by Capt. | and fresh meat in the way of sea elephant
Benjamin D. Cleveland, the famous! steaks, a dainty food. |
whaling master of New Bedford, who will Desolation Island, windy and volcanic, |
conduct and assist the scientists. This | ies in latitude 50 degrees, longitude 70, |

 

will be the second irip of the sort which! 2,500 miles south of Cape Town. It is}
Capt. Cleveland, the “skipper naturalist,” | ninety miles long and some four miles
has made. | wide, and is interwoven with deep bays,

The party will §ail from the West Indies | rivers that boats can enter and sheltered
the first of next June on the whaling brig; harbors. It was in eprehistorio times |
Daisy, a brig which has sailed all of the | covered with forests and the home of
waters of the world and which has!extinct gigantic animals, whose fossil
for many years been the only vessel afloat | remains are now found upon it. It is
engaged in the sea elephant hunting.| now a mountainous island, treeless and
About three months will be spent at the) uninhabited, almost continually misty, ;
island of South Georgia, collecting speci-|! swept by the most frightful gales—a
mens, zoological, mineralogical and bo-/| jagged pinnacled wilderness of lava and |
tanical, for the museum and studying; dead volcanoes. It was discovered in
the habits of the sea elephants, sea leop-|1773 by a Frenchman, Baron Kergulen,
ards and other animals of the Antarctio| who believed he had found a new con-
region, The Daisy will be absent for | tinent.
about fourteen months and will visit} Because Desolation a

 

 

other islands of the region lying north | of traffic to New Zealand and the routes
of the great ice barrier that encloses| which explorers usually pursue it is sel-
the south polar continent.

The master of the Daisy has been for
years the

dom visited. The charts of the waters
are so imperfect that Capt. Cleveland
’ only professional hunter of|declared: “The only chart of it isa French
sea elephants in the world. He probably | one, and I defy any man to anchor a ship
knows more of the habits of this gigantic’ safely in any of the harbors by that chart
and savage animal than any scientist, | without piling on the rocks.”
and has long been familiar with the ex-| Rooky reefs, whose summits barely
treme southern waters of the world. He} rise above the surface of the sea, surround
knows probably as well as any man living; it almost everywhere and imperil the
the conditions under which Amundsen
and Scott labored in their race for the
southern pole, and frankly expresses his|are now extinct. One of these rises
belief that Amundsen has accomplished | 6,320 feet and from it rush wild streams
all to which he lays claim and that his! that fall furiously over twisted and con-
story of the dash southward fs true.
Vive times the captain has visited that
terrible, storm swept and barren island,
Kerguelens Land, which because of its | hanging the bay, at a height of 200 feet,
bleak and stormy horror has become' and having on its summit a lake. The
known to sailors as Desolation Island.|hill covers perhaps four acres of land
Thence on a single voyage he brought) ——
back in 1901, $31,000 worth of oil, con-
sisting of 2,400 barrels of sea elephant
oil and fifty barrels of sperm oil. Thither
he conducted the R. 8. Graham on her
voyage to Desolation. In 1909, com-
missioned by the American Museum, he
returned from the volcanic island ‘with
the nucleus of one of the largest and
most valuable collections of the animals,
vegetables and minerals of the south
seas that was ever made. He has been
to the Arctic five times, has been frozen

 

visitor to it—being even ten and fifteen
miles from ita shores. Its volcanoes

gealed maases of lava andscurry to the sea.
Rnother peak rises near Table Bay almost
perpendicularly, like a giant pillar over-

 

 

 

The prodigal sons are here, at least
some cf them are, and with them are the
prodigal daughters. One and all, they
are sleek, dapper, well groomed and bear
no more than a single earmark {of the
continued and shameless excess in which
they have indulged for the last four

. : months, And they are being welcomed

into the ica there and was once ship-

wrecked in the far North, va ” ues anise ~ if they were
He will join his brig at Barbados, ee My nos

a | | Any one who would raise a hand against
leaving there early in June. There a | these “prodigal sons” would be grilled on
great ouantity of salt, lumber and boxes, | the fire of publio sentiment. The legal

someting Like 2,000 cartridges for sea | act which protecta them being thus im-
elephant shooting, a8 well as other equip-| pregnably reenforced, in perfect safety
ment, will be stowed away on the Daisy they are making ready for a summer of
wil re she stands away for the South, | gelf-respecting domesticity, The sons
Hut tho expedition will not, in all likeli-| preen themselves, puff out their red
hood, Vinit the captain's familiar hunting | waistcoats, slick their dark feathers and
prounde of Desolation, for from that island | sawing and sing their piping lays to each
not long ago he was ordered away by the | lady of their choice, and all listen in rapt

French, who claim it. It bas now for
reveral years heen leased by this nation | alluring spring is here. ,

to Norwegian whalers for a whaling! In the intervals of his singing and love
plation, being va'uable to them especially | making each returned prodigal, assisted

.

delight to this assurance that fickle,

 

 

 

‘CAPTAIN BENJAMIN D. CLEVELANO.ATHE BRIG DAISY IVWHARF Ar MEW SEOPORO, | terior are rarely visible.

 

and the winds sweeping by it are furiously
accelerated and rush savagely down on to
Table Bay, whipping the waters into
torrents of white foam.

So violent are these gales, attaining
a velocity of 110 miles an hour, that the
Daisy, as soon as she rides at anchor,
pute out two very extra heavy tackle
anchors and chains. All the small masts

and yards are lowered and the vessel |

made as snug as possible, that she may
hold little wind. The captain and his
officers duting the stay on the island
remain aboard ship; but gangs of the men
stay ashore from choice, living in tents
or in the deep volcanic caves along the
shore.

by his mate, selecta a location for his | continue sipping the juice until they are

bungalow. With energy and industry he
gathers material to build and gets ready
to rear children who will make good the
losses to his species on the Gulf coast in
the winter, where he indulges in his pro-
longed annual carousal. As regularly as
the autumn comes al! robins wing their
way there and as soon as they arrive
they at once enter on a life of excess,
Within a few hours they are in a maudlin
state of intoxication, children as well aa
parents, since with the robin a love of
alcohol is not an acquired but an innate
taste. They all continue in this state
most of the time, while there is anything
to drink, which is as long as there is a
berry left on the china trees,

These gray white berries, thickly placed
in up standing clusters on each limb of
the umbrella shaped trees--which remain
until the lilac tinted flowers begin to bud

in the spring—are filled with an intoxi-
cating liquid, The robina break the skin
of first one berry and then another and

Capt. Cleveland has explored nearly
| two-thirds of the island. On these ex-
cursions into the interior he has been
gone even two, three and four days, fre-
| quently making his way as far as possible
inland by the estuaries and the arms of
the sea and the deep rivers. When trav-
| elling two or three men bind themselves
together with ropes after the manner of
Alpine travellers, lest one be caught
in the treacherous quicksands which are
frequently met with in the interior.
There is a glacier three and a half

miles long and about 2,000 feet wide on |

a bottom fish found in the salt lakes and| Capt. Cleveland's prey, the sea elephant,
|the arms of the sea that reach into the| is as much of a fighter as the whale. The
| centre of the island. bulls fight by the hour, great clumsy,

All these facts about the island, not | bloody battles, lacerating and tearing
| written down in the books, were given jand biting each other with their terrible
}to the writer by the captain himeelf. | tusks until one dies or fleas.
| He has never wintered there, fleeing from | Possession of the females is the cause
!it northward when ice begins to lock of these terrific combats, according to
| up the.mouth of Table Bay. Capt. Cleveland. The animals are absent

Speaking of this ice he said: | on feeding expeditions from two to three

“The formation of ice in the Antarctica | months and return, heavy with fatness,
is different from that in the Arctics. Down | to lie about the shores and literally live
in the southern waters you will be per- jon their own blubber until mating time
haps in a port at anchor when you will | is over and their offspring have been born
| suddenly hear from an infinite distance | and given an impetus in life.
|a@ sound like warships in battle, fearful; The monstrous bulls are seen lying
\thundering notes—the awful sound of | all over the shore by the hundreds. Capf.
| the icebergs breaking off in the ice wall, | Cleveland denies the popular idea of the

'
|

the great southern barrier.
“I have known rowboats three-quarters
| of amile from shore, and the best of whale-
boats at that, to be almost swamped in
ithe seas that follow the birth of some
of the monstrous mountains of ice.”

South Georgia lies further south than
Desolation. ‘There is more ice on it and
| more icebergs float bluely by—forty and
| fifty bergs passing in a day. These
| monstrous mountains of ice are from
} one-half to three-quarters of a mile long
and a quarter of a mile wide, and rise
| above the surafce of the water in needles
land pinnacles of ice, sometimes to the

theight of 200 feet.
There is more snow too on South
Georgia, and the high lands of the in-
The island is
|hilly, but not so hilly as Desolation, and

on his last voyage thither. There is also | #8 Dot of volcanic origin. Here the
a place where the bones of extinct species | °xPedition will study and collect ses
of animals are found. All over the island |®lephants and sea leopards, penguins
were places where the volcano had hurled | 44 the albatross.

down masses of molten rock, which had! The oes elephant, which ao often has
thickened and spread over the ground |alled Capt. Cleveland southward, is
in round discs. Rabbits brought long |S0metimes thirty feet in length and fif-

multiplied. They burrow under the lava | % single specimen will sometimes yield
crust and can be easily dug out by hand, |®8 Many as seventy gallons of clear and
They are esteemed by Capt. Cleveland | odorless oil. The flesh of the sea ele-
and his men as great duinties. phant, especially the tongue, liver, heart

Besides alge; lichens and a few grasses|and steaks, is considered excellent
almost the only vegetable life on the | eating by the whalemen, who, however,

‘the island. On the northeast end, below | island is a species of cabbage about the! will not be accepted as criterions of

the lava crust, petrified roots and stumps
|

 

| in a disgracefully helpless condition.
Almost any hour of the day at the resorts
| on the Mississippi they may be seen
| Wabbling about, crossing one little leg
over the other as they make staggering
steps, with outspread wings, to escape
| those who hunt them. °
| ‘These hunters are colored children, and
{their weapons long sticks. Balf blind
| and utterly incapable of flight the robin is
easily taken by these primitively equipped
| sportamen, One whack of the long stick
| generally ends an intoxicated robin's
| career. When eight or ten have been
| taken almost any housewife will buy
them, since robin pie is counted a tooth-
some delicacy in the vicinity of the
Mexican Gulf. They are eaten there
without compunction, as they are looked
upon with disfavor on account of their
unseemly conduct and are not counted
song birds,
During the winter of their intemper-
ance robins rarely attempt to sing; when

| size of a large apple and said to be of | choice daint
of trees were discovered by the captain | ® most agreeable flavor. There is also | steaks from the huge whale.

PRODIGAL SONS AND DAUGHTERS HAVE RETURNED TO TOWN

 

they do their efforts are no more than a |
squeaking chirp. Even at its best their
liltless little tune would scarcely be

Again, ‘when the robin is living as a
prodigal he wastes no effort in trying to
deceive. He seems to know it cannot
; be done. Nor does he mix his conduct.
counted song where the nightingale fills Jn this, too, heshows his wisdom, for has
the moonlit air with melody, while by it not been said: “Ye cannot serve two
day the mocking bird in a mad musical | masters?” : i
aaa trills each bird's song more When his period of prodigal living je
is

heal 4 lover he at once seeks the scene of
vividly than does the bird itself, | reapectable life and, proceeds to business.

Yet these feathered prodigals, even | Living strictly above reproach, he is
though they have a reprehensible weak- | respected for the reason that he is reapect-
ness, are very wise birds. It might even able. ‘This right living for about two-
be said that the robin is one of the wisest thirds of the whole period of his life gives
of birds. The ow! having nothing to him the resistance which enables him to

return to us, as he is doing now, bearin,
say, says nothing, and on this rests its jo more evidence of the license in whiok
reputation. The robin at his

w orst | he has indulged than a slightly increased
demonstrates his widsom in his life, rotundity of person.
sinc» he does not risk his domestic felicity SSD
by v hat may be called separate conduct. Wild Fowl tn Indiana.
He takes hia whole family with him when | Hazleton corre apondence Indianapolia Newa,
he goes on his drinking bouts and they | Local sportsmen are enjoying the largest
share with him its delights and dangers, | Wild geose and duck hunting season in many
There can be no reoriminations; no re- | Ton". ade around wore wild fowl are awarm:
buking of the pot by the kettle on account | DOS BFOURS DAFe WG (Ow! an :
of ito ealer’, no disagreement, either in | As, varnere wo tit mu Nook are competed
the nest or out of it, as to the matter of! many times daily in order to keep them
perfect freedom of conduct. from eating young wheat,

| American scientists that they lie here
| in absolute silence, and asserts that their
| bellowing calls to each other and the
| females can be heard for miles.
When the sea elephant first reaches
| Kerguelen's Island his blubber is clear
fat seven inches in thickness. When he
ploughs swiftly through the stormy
seas again southward that blubber has
been reduced to one or one and a half
inches. For this reason the sea elephant
hunter seeks them when they first emerge,
| such newcomers being easily told by their
plump sleekness.
| The mammals are often seen, Capt.
| Cleveland says, on the bottom, four and
| five feet under water in the fjords and
‘bays of the island. They lie thus appar-
ently without life, monstrous heaps of
!fat about which the strange Southern
| fishes swim and poke with curious noses.
|‘Then in a flash they all leap into life and
are foaming the seas with their splash-
ings, spouting like whales.
The hunt of this water elephant is
perilous. The animals are bold and
savage, and their might is such that

ago from Cape Town by whalers have | teen to eighteen in circumference, and! when cornered between rocks they will

turn and rend of huge fragments of th
| gunwales from stout whaling boats wiih
|as much ease as if the strong oak wer:
j@o many slices of cheese. Wounded
animals have been known, Capt. Cleve-
| land says, to turn on the pursuer and bite
chrough the sea elephant harpoons~ bile

 

ies, for they relish the tough;them clean off as if feeding on tender

twigs, though the harpoon is finger thick
steel. e

Great caution, therefore, must be used
in the chase. There are two methods
favored by Capt. Cleveland in the killing,
one the rifle, the other the harpoon. The

| former is used for the bulls and the latter
for the females. The only vulnerable
spot is on the head, near the eye, and is
abou. as big as a walnut. The captain
| UseB A BLOUL Winchester rifle and a very
heavy bullet. He must approach the bull
and hit exactly the small spot on the
head and do it at the first shot. Other
wise the animal ert chase. The female
is harpooned with a lance similar to that
used in whaling, but smaller, and a iong
pole is used.

Down by windy Desolation, lava crusted
land of the penguin and the sea eiephant,
where the stormswept whaler puts in,
Capt. Cleveland will probably never again
anchor his hardy brig. But among |
Georgias, where bray ng penguins stan
like sentinels in serri rows, and the
brooding mists andthe fury of the south
snows obscure the ancient crags, thé
vessel will put out her anchors, lower
away her topmasts and yards, and make
snug for the furious gales, while the hand
of science will reach in among the rocks
for the egas of the royal penguin or the
broad winged albatroas, or cut from the

}ancient hills themselves specimens for
;the students @f the American Museum

to study when the Daisy and her mastef
| have returned to their haven again