New York Tel. 2388 Beakman
Brookiym Tet., 8745 Main.

Henry Martin

ROBERT W. MARTIN, Proprictor.

| Transfer Forwarding and
Storage

MAIN OFFICE & WARERDPUSE
961-958-2668 Frent 6t., New York
FROOKLYN OFFIcr.

4 Front Street.

 
  
    

Tetephence 9% Rector

The Meade Transfer Co.

| General Freight

Forwarders

‘Tranafer Agents of the
PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD
LONG ISLAND RAILROAD
LEHIGH VALLEY RAILROAD

Mata Office P. R. R. Pier 1, N. R., New York

©. F. WALDEN, President.

C. P. J. PLEOK, General Manager.

    
  
 
       
     
   

 ammeeapaaiaiia tcc

Cheleea 6410

| Estate of P. H. Keahon
P. S. FLYNN, Bus. Mgr.

General Truckers, Haulers and
Transfer Agents

| 108 and 110 Tenth Ave.
New York

|
|
|

|
|
!
|

 

cuneate

Te ephone 835 Orchard

| JOHN J. DUNN
| Trackman aad Transfer
Agent

OMce. GIS Water Street.

Stables, 618 Water Strect, and
Mimsford, Westchester Co.,
Telephone 1771 lim&ford

| General Triuckins

N.Y

 

(518
{ S15) Ray Ridge

W. A. BRODIE

Truckman
CUSTOM HOUSE LICENSE 11
Office and Stable:
|| 224, 226 & 228 48th Street
Brooklyn, N.Y.

Telephones

|

P. REARDON |
Trackman & Transfer Agent

MAIN OFFICE:

237 SOUTH ST., NEW YORK
RANCH OFFICES TRLEPHONES
er 19 Fast River Beekman 2700

‘ulton S. John 3426
139 Franklin S' Fruoblin 66
Pier 44 North River Spring 1644

64 Pear! Sr.
59 Water St

 

Broad /420
Orchard 1548
| ! STABLES

468 Water St 459 to 047 Water 8

Z. T. PIERCY, Inc.

i
i

  
    

Contractors
{)} LIBERAL CoO? PROMPT
SERVIC 5 ABSOLUTE
SECURITY

TRUCKING CONTRACTS
SPECIAL D’LIVERY CONTRACTS

™ ($FIRST CLASS BOARDING
ACCOMMODATIONS

ELECTRIC SERVICE CONTRACTS

207 -200-211-213 Thompson St.
166-168-170-192 Perry St.

Established 1871

(Spring 35°
Chelsea 4545

|

||
'

Ht

|

!

q

Telephones

\

LOWIS«), IOPKINS

President
A. H. HOPKINS' Codes:
Vice-President & Treus. Westeru ('nion &
} ABO 4h &

Sth Ed

Lewis C Hopkins Company

Secretary
Weighers, Truckmen and Forwarders
i} Custom House License 8%
101 WATER STREET
New York

BRANCH OFFICES
14th St. & 10th Ave., New York.
Rush Stores, Brooklyn

Cable Address:
“Cinoreste”

some three years ago

has caused some delay

\

|
|

a

2646 Worth |

Thomas J. Smith |
i

General Truckers
and... --

, Transfer Agents

99 Chambers St. N.Y.City |

 

Truckmen & Transfer Agents

Largest and highest class business in
N. Y. Handle most of the transportation
of the Fastern Lines. More exportation

siness than any other New York
trucker,

168 Church St., nr. chambers
NEW YORK

Veen
ee

PL OF) Bow tt

 

Telephone Ustablished
2212 Worth 1963
B. KEENAN & SON
TRUCKMEN
and RIGGERS
| Safes and Machinery Moved }
67 CENTRE STREET =|
| NEW YORK |

| Orders by Mall Properiy Attended to |
\\\ )

 

Dr. Givens’s Sanitarium
at Stamford, Conn.

iow often one hears of the sude n breaking
down of men and women tn the prime of ilfe,
the result perhaps of struggles to reach the un-
attainable or to do things which encroach on
nature's tmimutable laws, and for which the
penalty must be paid, sooner or later. To de-
erred political asptrations, fruitless social am-
bitions, the constant seeking after the unknown
or to mere Vvuigar greed of gain may be ascribed
the majority of cases of physical and mental co!
lapse, elther of a temporary or permanent nature.
Heredity plays its fearful part in this tragedy.
ard its luckiess victims wipe out the score In-
curred by the sins of the fathers, Others suffer
temporary mental derangement of a mild charac-
ter by reason of the loss of some beloved one.
or by overstudy, Still others are merely tired,
weary and Iistless, The sclence of medicine,
with its marvellous progress of late years, espe-
cially In neurasthenia, can do much to relieve
suffering and inculcate vigor into broken frames,
but its efforts are often. thwarted and prove
palliatives merely, unless Nature is invoked and
the patient pieces himself in her loving care.
Then the skilful man of medicine, if he be experi-
enced \In the dlagnosis of nervous diseases, ob-
tains a falr opportunity of rebuilding and re-
stocking the wasted and worn nerves or of conn
teracting the fatal cravings of those addicted
to habitual drug stimulation.

One of the most notable places where nature
has been invoked, In unison with medical science,
to accomplish this aim, {8 Dr. Givens’s San-
ttarium, at Stamford, Conn., amid {deal surround-

. A delightful drive of two rallies tn the

r of a clear January day brought a
ive of The Tribune to this a
ten years ago by Dr. Amos J
) reatment of nervous and mild m
derangements and for the cure of those addicted
to the excessive nse of drugsor stimulants. The
main billding ts situated on a hillock, from which
a fine view ts obtained of the surrounding coun-
try and the Loug Island Sound. The country ts
arolling one of bills and dales. Five comfortable
cottages are grouped about the principal building,
mainiy on the southern siope of the hill, No
more delightful place could have been chosen
for this sanitarlum, The very atmosphere, the
clear sky and the soft brown tints of a winter
landacape plead for rest and qulet. The sixty
acres of ground are attractively kept, and the
houses spacious, sultably furnished, well veno-
tilated and lighted by electretty Every com-
fort and convenience of retined life Is at band,
Vxperienced nurses are constantly present, and
every opportunity is afforded by the
non-existence of noise or annoyance for
tion—the most potent factor in the
yous troubles, Unoowusively, Dr

    

        
 

  

 

 

   

 

 

of ner
Givens and
his staf? of physicians watch the everyday life

ure

 
 
  

of the patients, Their dle
their dally exercise, while bat
forms of hydrotherapy and therapeutics pias
thelr part tn the curative methods, according
to the requirements of each case, Patients are
treated as individuals, and not “en masse.” In
the matter of amusement this home offers the
opportunity to indulge in a number of out of door
sports, and aquatic diversions are possible on
account of the proximity of the river; there |
also a large amusement hall In the mato building

Is as Important a
bs, ilassage and all

 

{

Cece

an A

   

Many indeed are those who have found rest| so that the beams were displaced and aj crowd.

here and gone back to their homes fully equipped
with a reserve force of energy to take oF ife's
struggles again, with ability also to enjoy its
pleasures. The seclusion from these may, in
Connecticut, be voluntary, which accounts for
the reputation which this sanitartum has abroad,
A statute authorizes the voiuntary seif-commit
ment of alcoholle and narcotic sufferers to 4 sani
tarium for a period not eaceeding one year, dur
{og which Ume they shall continue subject to
restraint and treatment in the same manner as
if committed by the court. Persons posssaaing
sufficient will power may save themselves, anc
hy their own volition recover the equilibrium of
thelr physical or mental functions,

Dr. Givens is a member of the Connecticut
and New York State societles, the American
Paychological Association, the New York Medico
legal Soctety, the National Society of Hlectro-
Therapeutics and others. People in Stamford
who, have constant dealings with him speak very
highly of his sanitarium and of bis succeasful
work,

=

Water Front Property |

A large part of the water frontage on (be Mast River in the Willlamsburg district of
Brooklyn, comprising nearly @ quarter mile of water front at the foot of Broadway, an
| well an nome 250 feet at the foot of Grand Street, Brooklyn, was purchased by the New
York Terminal Company upon the sale of the property of the Brooklyn Ferry Company
Since that time, however, the Clty of New York has taken about
48 feet out of the centre of the big Broadway water front, being more than one-third
thereof, leaving to the Terminal Company only the end portions, The Cliy took title to
| this Jand under a Spectal Act of the Legislature on September 16th, 1908, but the hearings
hefore the Commissioners to fix a price to be pald by the City have necessitated, by reason
of the elze and value of the parcel taken, the taking of a great deal of testimony, which
An award, however, Is expected some time this Spring

Prom the property taken by the City ferries are now operated by the Brooklyn and Man-
hattan Ferry Company, under a subsidy from the City, to Roosevelt Street and ‘Twenty-

   
   
 
 
    
 

 

VIBRATIONS
CAN BE ELIMINATED

But the Task to Make a Big Struc-
ture Rigid Is Often a
Hard One.

|
|
|

I RECOR DING MACHINE HELPS
Designed to Note the Comparative
Amount and Kind of Vibration, It
Is Fixed to an Upper Wall.

Buildings where pianos are stored and
tuned as well as those where the instru-
menta are put together should be free from

| vibration. ‘lo elimtnate vibrations from
structures is a difficult matter.

In the apring of 1905, thirteen years
after the oonstruotion of a New York
building, says the Kngineering Record,
serious vibrations were observed in the
upper stories, and a careful examination
showed that the building was in excellent

|vondition without evidences of undue
‘settlement or cracks, and failed to dis-
{close reasons for the development of vi-
{hrations in the building itself. The
sixth floor of the building was used as a
shop for cutting brass dies for book cov-
ers, & process in whioh the principal plant
consisted of routing machines having
rapidly revolving needles about 1-16 inoh
in diameter which out designs in soft
| brass. These machines had been in
operation for about twelve years without
causing vibrations and were not consid-
ered responsible for the vibrations at
this time. The remainder of the building
was devoted to storage and commercial
purposes and light manufacturing which
did not involve the use of machinery.

The vibrations became so serious that
the tenants who had long occupied the
sixth story threatened to leave. In-
vestigations made by the architect of the
building, by engineers and others showed
that there were very frequent but not
entirely continuous east and west vibra-
tions in the building which were most
noticeable in the upper story.

After a number of unsuccessful at-
tempts had been made for the owners to
explain the vibrations Daniel E. Moran
was finally retained by the owners to de-
termine the cause of these vibrations,
and to suggest remedies. Maurice
Deutsch, under Mr. Moran's direction,
spent several months making special

 

the vibrations and their effect. Numer-
ous evidences were observed and re-
cotded throughout the building of the
effect of the east and west vibrations.
Similar vibrations, but of less degree, were
then for the first time observed in the
adjacent three and four atory brick
buildings intervening between it and
the six story building, 190 feet west of
the Gennert Building, occupied by the
Carey Printing Company. The walls
(of these buildings were in contact, thus
providing physical connection betwen
them and serving, it was thought, for
the transmission of the vibrations.
Heavy machinery installed on the three
upper floors of the Carey Building includes
twenty-five cylinder bed presses and one
‘jarge Howe press. There were eighteen
cylinder bed presses operating east and
west and seven operating north and south.
Some of these weighed from six toten tons
each, and being located close to the side
walls and operating with a horizontal
reciprocating motion produced in the
walls of the Carey Building east and west
Vibrations which were successively trans.
mitted eastwardly through the other
buildings and apparently increased untic
| they became a maximum in the Gennert

 

 

 

4!) Building.

Vibrations were not noticed the
| Gennert Building until seon after the
installation of the Carey printing plant:
|The building at #1 Fifth avenue, which is
| separated from the west side of the Carey
| Building by a court about six feet wide,
experienced absolutely no vibrations.
The vibrations in the adjoining small
building caused the falling of glassware,
&c,, and loose bricks and mortar in the
chimneys and loosened masonry and
timber in the upper stories, ;
After information of the operation of
the Carey printing plant had been re-
quested and refused a machine was de-
vised and placed on the side wall of the
Gennert Building in the upper story to
(register Vibrations automatically ‘and
record the exact time of their occurrence,
|The records of this machine were made
entirely without knowledge of the details
of the machinery installed in the Carey
Building or of the periods in which this
machinery was in operation. They
showed periods of severe Vibration, of
moderate vibration and of no vibration.
None of them apparently had any relation
to the operation of machinery in the
Gennert Building or to the passage of
heavy trucks in the street. The records
of Sundays when the Carey plant was
not in operation showed no Vibrations,
During the period of investigations
cracks appeared in the wall, and their

nm

THE SUN,

—_—_—-

investigations of the cause and extent of |

clearanos through the east and weet wall
adjacent to the Carey Building, thus
physically disconnecting the latter frorn
the Gennart Building ® presses were
accordingly moved and the vibrations
were decreased ao much that the walle
were not cul.

The decision of the court wae as follows:
“It cannot be questioned but that the
vibrating of plaintiffa’ building has been
considerably modified, since at the re-
quest of the parties the trial was sus-
vended, but that the operation of de-
‘endantea’
injury to the premises was clearly estan.
lished when the taking of testimony was
resumed. Both parties are to be com-
mended for well intended efforts to amica-
bly settle the controversy, and it is un-
fortunate that they have failed. Upon
the proof submitted, however, it would
be inequitable to = injunctive relief,
and plaintiffs are entitled to judgment
Settle decision and judgment on notice,”

All the presses e Carey Building
have now been turned eo as to operate
north and south, that is, in a direction
parallel to the Gennert Building, and
after three years of operation this
manner no vibrations are felt in the Gen-
nert Building and there are no further
complaints from the tenants,

The vibration recording machine was
designed by Mr. Deutech to record the
time, comparative amount and kind of
vibration, and not to measure its ampli-
tude. It had two 4 inch horizontal oak
rollers with delicately adjustable pivote
twenty-four inches apart on centres. One
of the rollere was shouldered and belted
to a seven day clock movement whic
turned it continuously at a uniform rate
of speed

A continuous celluloid ribbon from
four to six inches wide, in sections about
four feet long, joined together end to end,
was coated with a thin film on one side,
attached to both cylinders and wound
from one to the other, at therate of about
four feet in twenty-four hours.

A steel rod pendulum of adjustable
length and having a knife edge pivot was
divided by the latter into a weighted
long arm about twelve inches long and
an upper short arm about four inches long.
The short arm had a very flexible con-
nection to a fine needle point set at the
best angle to engage the film. When the
pendulum was not in motion the needle
scratched a straight longitudinal line on
the film as the latter was rolled from one
cylinder to the other. When the pendu-
lum swung parallel to the axis of the
roller it scratched transverse zigzag
marks on the film of a length propor-
tioned to the are of the pendulum and
ito the amplitude of the vibrations which
caused the pendulum to swing. No
accurate proportion between the lengths
of these lines and the amplitude of the
vibrations was established, but it was
thought that they magnified the vibra-
tions about twenty times.

A second needle also mounted on a
flexible support engaged the coated sur-
face of the ribbon and made a mark on it
parallel! to the ribbon, This mark was a
straight longitudinal line except that
every thirty minutes an automatic electri-
cal connection with the clock caused the
needle to vibrate and make a transverse
line, thus accurately recording the time
for the corresponding pendulum mark.
The ribbon was coated with a special
material about 1-1000 inches in thickness,
which remained soft for more than twenty
four hours and until the record was com-
pleted, and was hardened to fix the marks
and make them permanent so that they
could be preserved and measured.

The machine was fixed rigidly to the
west wall of the upper atory of the build-
‘ing and when the axis of the roller was
perpendicular to the wall, the pendulum
| recorded east and west vibrations only.
| When the machine was turned 9 de-
| grees, so that the axis of the rollers were
| parallel to the wall, it could record north
and south vibrations only, but none were
detected. No vibrations were observed
in the cellar.

WHERE CURES ARE SOUGHT.

Sakitaria Give Relicf to the Suffering and
Best to the Fatigued.

| How much the word “sanitarium”
;conveys to the average mind, Disease
;and death to the morbid and hope of
| curability to the optimist. Tor others
ja haven of rest from which one emerges
;rejuvenated, The old Romans knew
' its uses and were among the first to erect
{sanitaria for various illnesses. ‘lheir
|famous baths have long stood as monu-
ments to the greatness of their physicians.

 

 

 

Enormous establishments known as
therme, the best known being built

by the Roman Emperor Agrippa B, C. 21

and was probably the first of the sanitaria,

j for the Romans knew the uses of baths
jand other spring treatment. A famous
bath, so Seneca writes, was at Baiae,

‘where the wealthy men of Rome erected
their villas and recognized the therapeutio

nature of the hot springs found there.

This was the beginning of the system

| which to-day extends to every country
[that possesses medicinal springs or a

jclimate which aide in the treatment of
| diseases,

In olden times arduous journeys were

undertaken and long pilgrimages made |

|to resorts which were renowned for tha
jcurative properties of their waters, It
{was not until the beginning of the eigh-
jteenth century that sanitaria as now
| underatood were built and recommended
'by physicians,

| In England the famous sulphur springs
| of Bath were the resort of fashion in the
| times of the Romans. In the centuries
;following Bath was looked upon by the

resses is etill causing material |

h| engineers were confronted with the task

measured widt li increased from 1-16 inch | English aristocracy as a centre of fashion
to % inch and an uneven settlement oc-}0f England. The waters are still in use
curred in the building, depressing the |for the treatment of various ailments,
floor adjacent to the side watts more than |The sanitarium system has spread all
in the centre of the building and causing a | the world over and cach country has iis
perceptible and injurious longitudinal hog | Wn ®pecial sanitaria for its own special
ack of the floors. Bearings of the beams | illnesses, thousands flocking there either
and girders were impaired and loosened for the sake of their health or to follow the

considerable quantity of the
was disintegrated.

Legal proceedings to prevent the vi-
brations were commenced, and after the
evidence had been presented a friendly
test migpesied by the court was arranged
under known conditions of the operation
of the Carey presses and showed vibra-
tions in the Gennert Building when all
of the Corer presses were running and
when only the east and west presses were
running; a decreased vibration when
only four of the east and west presses
were running. and no vibration when
| only the north and south printing presses
were in operation.

A subsequent examination of the

records of the operation of the Carey
yresses showed that the independent
instrumental records of vibrations in the
Gennert Building agreed with these tests
and that the vibrations occurred when
the Carey presses were running and only
when they were inning. The vibra-
tions recorded by the instrument for
several months previous to the friendly
test, when compared with the record of
operation of presses as brought out by
testimony in court given by the superin-
tendent of the Carey plant, were found to
agree with the starting and stopping of
presses

Ax the continued vibrations of the Gen-
nert Building threatened the removal of
its tenants and the serious injury or de-
struction of the building, it was proposed
to stop them by turning all of the ‘arey
presses north and south-or by cutting a

masonry

 

 

 
   

Probably the most famous sanitaria
are situated in Germany. During the
last forty years German physicians have
developed the idea of therapeutic treat-
ment and are now reaping the harvest.
The famous Greman resorts of Carlabad,
Bad Nauheim, Wildungen are known the
world over. Here diseases of the stom-
ach, kidneys and bladder are treated and
each resort has a coterie that swears by
the marvels wrought by the waters.
Other sanitaria are in the Black Forest.
Fach of these has certain curative waters.
The most famous of the saline springs
jis at Carlsbad. Othere are at Marienbad
and Franzenbad. Here journey the
gourmets, who after years of overeating
pay the penalty of stomach disorder.

Here also may be found the easterner
whose years of work in the tropics have
left. their trace.

Most waters depend on their purgative
principles for a cure, and there are two
classes of waters that effect thia end,
those containing sulphates and those
containing ehiarities. In the latter clase
are the springs at Homburg, Kissengen,
Baden Baden and Saratoga in the State
of New York. The majority of the fre-

uenters at these resorta do not show
their illnesses in a marked degree, but at
the springs at Aix le Bains in France
hundreds of men and women suffering
from chronic rheumatism or gout hobble
painfully about on crutches or are wheeled
to the springs
| Hundreds of sanitaria are established
through the length and breadth of the
United States and like the foreign ones
specialize on the treatment of certain

i

 

SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1912,

 

ways, pilasters and al) ¢f the columns,
exoept eight of granite, a stone new tc
this country. It is called travertine.

NEW YORK'S GREAT

; This stone was widely used in building

| construction in Rome, boih ancient an

| | modern, the Coliseum and St. Peter's
| both having been constructed of it. Trav-

a | ertine is very hard and durable and has

| an open texture which makes it very
Massive Structures That Are Mod- | desirable for use in a building as large
| els of Utility and

as the Pennsylvania Station. It tenda
Beauty.

'
|
|

 

| to take on a polish when rubbed against,
ins of becoming dirty, and this, to-
gether with ite soft yellow color makes it
| more desirable for use in a public build-

ing than any of the stone quarried over
a

|
LARGEST IN THE WORLD |here.

i The Seventh avenue fagade of the sta-

“ a eta ad soe betes enee
Grand Central and Pennsylvania Ter- | A Doric colonnade is its principal feature,
the columns being double at the carriage
minals Are Triumphs of Architectural
Genlus—Both Monumental Buildings.

There are now located in New York) ff
city two of the greatest railroad termi-
nals in the world. One, the biggest in |
existence, is being constructed on the site
of the old Grand Central Station, famous
for fifty years, and the name of which was
so familiar to travellers that Grand Cen
tral Station meant New York, and the
other, the Pennsylvania Station, notable
for the grandeur of its architecture and
the vastness of {ts magnificent interior.

The New York Central architects and M il R
of building a railroad terminal in the an a ope
heart of a great city, a station so situated
that the patrons of the road would find
themselves handy to the principal surface,
subway and elevated oar lines and, at
the same time, a station the big yards of
which would interfere in the smallest
possible degree with the street traffic go-
ing on around it. Eight years of labor
have been expended on the job so far.

Of all the difficult steps which the engt-
neers took in the preliminary work, one
of the most ticklish was the removal of
the old tracks and the substitution of the
new ones without any interruption of
traffic. As each new set of tracks was
completed, a corresponding number of
old tracks was torn up. This required

constant ahifting of trains from one set
of tracks to another, temporary tracks
This part of the work was

Jute Rope
Tube Rope

being used, sometimes, only for a day,
then to be taken up and put down some-
where else.

done without a single disarrangement
of the schedule.

Another delicate operation was the
removal of the old train shed, which was
taken down in sections without ever a bit
of débris falling on the head of a passenger.
About seventeen hundred tons of wrought
and cast iron, 90,000 square feet of corru-
gated iron and 60,000 square feet of glass
were removed in this part of the work.
‘The tearing down of theold station build-
ing began in 1910 and the big newetation
quickly rose from the hole blasted and
dug out for its foundations.

The part of the station most intimately
connected with the comfort of the passen-
gers is the waiting room. There are two
of these in the new station, one for subur-
banites and the other for people going
further away. The main waiting room is
200 feet long, 80 feet wide and 50 feet high.
The suburban waiting room is somewhat

SS:

Tarred

 

They are placed so that no unnecessary
steps need be taken in preparing for a
journey, the ticket booth first in line,

A novel feature is the place provided
for welcoming returned travellers or
the visitors from out of town. There is
a balcony built into the incoming section
of the station wide enough for two sets
of welcomers to operate at once. They
call it the “kissing gallery.” Then the
commuter who wants to get into his
formal clothes for an evening in the city
will have the use of a properly equipped
dressing room, and his women folks will
have a similar room placed at their dis-
posal. Stairs are almost entirely ab-
sent. Ramps, inclined walks, lead easily
and naturally to wherever, up or down,
a person wants to go. Careful experi-
ments were conducted to find out the
best angles at which to build the ramps,
testimony being given by fat men car- |
rying bundles, tall women in tight skirts \i
and even children. It was found that |||
a rise of 8 feet in 100 was about oa |
steep an incline as the experimenters
cared to climb, but most of the ramps
present an easier grade than that.

The total area which the Grand Cen- |
{tral Terminal will cover is seventy-six
!acres, Seventy acres will be covered by
thirty-two miles of tracks having a ca- |
pacity of 1,149 cars. There are two track |
levels, the express and the suburban, |
one above the other, Two hundred ||!)
trains an hour, able to handle 70,000 per- |
sons, will be operated, and the capacity ||))
of the station will be 100,000,000 passengers | |)!
a year. The twenty-three story hotel |||
to be erected by the company between | |||
Forty-third and Forty-fourth streets and ||), ®
Madison and Vanderbilt avenues will | i America.
accommodate 1,200 gueste. }

The big Pennsylvania Station occupies |
the ground on which 500 buildings for
merly stood, the two blocks bounded by

|

smaller. The interiors are not elaborate
but they are comfortable. The ticket
office, baggage room and information
bureau are outside of the waiting rooms.
the Pullman office beyond that, and the
baggage office next.

is

|
|
|
|

products

|
|

fibre and its

 

Hi
{H

 

 

world.

 

By

 

| the far west.

Seventh and Eighth avenues and Thirty
first and Thirty-third streets, Thirty-

 

second street having been closed trom |
Eighth avenue to the River. This gives | |
the building a frontage of 480 feet on the
avenues and 780 feet on the streets. It ij
is difficult to appreciate the vastness of ||
the Pennsylvania Station from the outside } |||
even with these figures in mind. But | |
once inside the building the idea of space | |
conveyed by its reuches of walls and the | |}

height of the ceiling is impressive. ‘The | ||| have
roof of the general waiting room 18 150 i |

feet high. The walls of the building, ||!!

though, rise only 60 feet above the side

{
walk, but this lack of height ia compen. |
sated by the proportion preserved in the |
|
}
!
|

manship,

design. The ans which the architects
followed were inspired by the baths of
Caracalla. tI

Extending from the street entrance to || We sell all
the main waiting room is an areade 225 : .
‘feet long aud 45 feet wide, lined with shops, | |
for the use of foot passengers
carriage entrances are «at Thirty-tirst
and Vhirty-third streets, the driveways {|
leading downward to the station level |!
The general waiting room is the largest
of any railroad station in the world, being
a20 feet long and 110 feet wide
Immense room are the ticket offices, par-
cel rooms, telegraph and telephone of- |
fices and baggage checking booth Two};
smaller waiting rooms are vonnected with |
the large one

| of the world.

 

 

weight.

 

Transmission Rope |
Drilling Cables _ ;
Sisal Rope
Hay, Hide and Bale Rope

|
Wool Twine |

American Hemp Twines |
Finished and Unfinished

|

Finished India Twine

| Finished Italian Twines |
| Finished Fine Twine |

Mediterranean Hemp Twine |
| Belgian Hemp Twine |
Wall Paper Twine |
Sail Twine
Jute Wrapping Twine

THE excellence of “American”

' study of conditions

manufacture

Cordage and Twine.
“American” Cordage and

Twines are used all
By the oil well driller of

Burmah, the merchant of South
the

Write for prices and descrip-

| goods the standard in all parts |
|
|
|
tion of our products. |

and main entrances. These 66

are 85 feet high and 4% feet thick.

the entablature above the central co

nade is aclock with a seven foot dial,

Thirty-firet and Thirty- street sides

of the building are adorned with pilasters

instead of the columns which e

along the front, but here again the

nades are used at the entrances.

are 650 supporting columns in the bui
Six and a half years was

in constructing this station, About

000 cubic feet of pink granite was

in the exterior walls and 60,000

feet of stone in the concourse,

    
 
 

ia
6
skeleton required 27,000 tons of steel and
the 16,000,000 bricks were ee in »
the conercte work amoun to

cubic yards. The cost of
was $12/000,000,the land on which it etande
costing $18,000,000. :

 

99.

‘

Paper Maker’s Twine

Hemp Cordage

due to careful
governing
into

over the
|
Arab on his |

caravan and the lumberman of |

New methods, new machin-
ery, and new ideas combined with
old fashioned honesty of work-

made American

goods by gross

 

|
|
|
|
In this |
|
|

a railroad freight terminal may be

‘Hird Street, Manhattan, and earnest representations have been made by various repre- = SSS ailmenta The concourse in the Pennsylvania | |

|| septative bodies In the Willlamaburg district for the re-establishment of the old ferry a — Unlike the watering places are the; Station, which connects with the main ||); ° I
frdm r » a Gran a . : 4 | ,
Y im Frosdwey, Bile Be uty of additional property of the Terminal Company. For Velephone 689 Jobn sANILArIA for the cure of tuberculosis waiting room, runs tho entire width of the | A merican

, n* balance of the property which the Clty may not need In the operation of these ferries in all its forms, ‘This scourge, which | building It too is on a large scale, ']) '

*' Broadway, plans are under consideration whereby
established erenpo
ppated taare nf the ‘Terminal Company at Grand Street, Brooklyn, will he developed
joable to meet the needs of the Industries of the district, except the Grand
has under contemplation the reopening of the Grand
oe York, ferry, whieh was the original horse ferry
The Terminal Company also owns 2%) feet of bulkhead
yroperty selected for

has ravaged the world and yeerly takes! being 100 feet wide. Two sets of steirs
its toll of human life, has been recognized | descend from the concouree to each of the;
by Governments and millions have been | train platforms, 60 that the ‘concourse |
spent in an effort to find a cure and the epaco around the tracks forms!

sanitarium for consumptives§ is) a big courtyard 340 feet Jong and 210 feet |
jentirely unlike that for the treatment ; wide Incoming passengers leeve the |

Street, Manhatian, which re-establishment would | Y

PAUL VIANE

Truckman and

aa soon As practic
| “treet ferry slip, from whieh the Cit
' Street, Hrooklyn, to Grand Street,
established prior ta the year 1800
atthe font of Broome Street, Manhattan, which ts included tn the

 

 

 

Manufacturing Co. :

  

ots oa e ” , » York Barge Canal and which will undoubtedly , ‘ jof any other diseases Famous are those | station by 4 subconcourse leading to the | 4 i
the ‘rand Street terminal for the New Yor’ Hat Forw arding Agent in Switzerland, the Black Forest of Ger-| street. The track level is the third below ||]! 7 {
ken by the State for that purpose | : : ' | = a
ty Fariley development of this proper iy haa pees prevented by, wpearieley as e net | many, in the Highlands of Rootland and in / the etreet gras and in ae deep down as a! |! e a

how mach thereof the Clty of New York wou y oS Oe | California. ere climatic conditions play |four atory building is tall There ae!

' et that oO 3 f the Brooklyn & New York Ferry Cotnpany for 1 "

annae s . ne ae unaorrae pene oy ae now overdue, must be financed before any 39 Beekman Street ;

new

an {mporwant part. for it is claimed that
> pine laden air haa u

NEW YORK las also a dry climate. _

ened nh nab Mai dM aoaia lag } The sanitarium building in genorally
opaper Work a Special [ess of wood. room is cleatitute

sixteen miles of tracks epread over the |
| twenty-five acres of ground in the raijread | |
ard, these tracks leading to the North!
River tunnels and to the tunnels across
New York and under the Last River to
Long Island.
There has been used tn the walls, stair. |

er, i y the Con
development can be undertaken As soon, however, as the award made by
Jennation commisstoners Is avatlable therefor, the Terminal Company Is preparing to
@ nropertr

Ay of thia mortgage and to proceed with Ita plans for the development of Ite remain

henefleial effect,

New York City |

| ,

|

 

of corners and there is no furniture that
fe not absolutely necessary.

£