ee ee eee
—

¥
y
8
§
i

:

ee a eae

pS en RS

ADVENTURES OF ONE
SEARCHING FOR AAT

A Layman Starts on a Ques! Which
Brings Him Strange
Experiences,

     

AN IMPORTER

EXPLAINS

shea Nees oad

i No Serious Problenis Confront the Dealer,
i Joseph Duveen Says—There Is a
Scarcity of Italian Masterpieces,

a8 ow= 8547 SB

Art was his theme. He a
layman and didn't know a thing about it
: but he wanted to know; so, armed with
a firm resolve he started out on the trial.
The telephone directories said there
were art stores along Third avenue and
some more on Sixth avenue, and on Fifth
avenue there were art shops. <A craving
for knowledge racked the layman,
youth with absolutely no temperament
and very few impressions on the subject.

First to him came the thought how,
was he going to start. The big library
on the avenue met his gaze. Art
Art’s sake ought to be in there In he
went. A young maiden beamec. at him
from over the desk. Yes, she hal hooks
on art, but they were on the third floor,
elevator to the right. Third and top
floor and the layman found hinself in
a wide room. No art that he cculd see,
hut an individual with a temperamental
look greeted him and asked him what
he sought.

“Art,” was the reply

The individual contracted
poised his penei! in the ai:
on a piece of paper

The layman then took a eeat oheck
and was told to sit down. He waited,
and tinally got his art. It consisted of
@ large book which proved to be the
annual report of the Department of
Commerce and Navigation. This the
individual statedcontained statistics about
the works of art imported to this country
within the past century

Weary in mind and body, the searcher
after facia and art life and stood again
on the corner of [Forty-second street
and the avenue. Nearby in a window
were some paintings. They seemed like
real art. Pretty curtains hung about them,
Perhaps art was there? He entered,
Another personage greeted hin. ‘The
layman stated his thirst for art-—art for
art's sake, jJhe personage said “Oh!”
But further conversation was stopped
hy the entry of a few prospective cus-
tomers. ‘The layman was left alone,
He attached himself to a group of art
admirers, hoping to gather a few stray
thoughts from them, An eiderly nan and
lady were in search of a wedding present
for thelr daughter. ‘She laymen stood
by. The customer picked out # canvas
on which bright colors glowed, Looked
Cheap enough to the layrnan, in fact it
reminded him of the time he used to mix
peints out behind the barn, It evidently
| rought similar thoughts to the prospec-

ive buyer

Hoth boyer and laymen looked at it
“he buyer asked the layman what it
k represented but the layman didn't know
They were interrupted by the dealer. The
ploture was eheap at $4,500. The crowd

was Just

his brows,
and wrote

4
a
b
i

—_

 

ee nee
ae

| selves were art.
floorwalker volunteered to show him | too

a!

for |

Exhibition

of

OBJETS D’ART

 

 

NEW YORK

 

moved on. ‘The layman asked
made it cost so much.

“Why do you want to know?”

“Are you acritic?” asked the dealer

“Sure,” replied the layman “Only 1
dowt know anything about ert but am
just trying to learn

‘Well, young man, I'll
for trying.”

But was not there the layman
thought, so he wandered forth into the
world again, Near by a more imposing

what

give vou credit

art

edifice confronted him. A liveried toot-
man stood at the door with o tur bath-
robe over his arm and niimerous fine
ladies—he guessed they belonged to
society— stepped out of motor cars and
hastened through its portals In the

wake of the group of these followed the
layman
4A smart

again

looking youth greeted him
The layman was just looking for
art, he said. ‘The youth bade him enter
He entered and looked for art. Inside
were more fine ladies. They in them-
A man who resembled
a
about. Just the

then, however,

again alone

Attaching himself to a group of tem-|

peramental looking people he went into
aroom., On the walls were curious things
over which dim lights glowed. The
programine informed him that they were
water colors, He stepped close to them
but the closer he got the less he could see.
One in particular struck his fanev. He
couldn't make out what it was but then a
group of pretty girls stood there with books
in their handsand gazed at it with faraway
expressions in their eyes. He looked
at the programme. The place was sup-
soned to be some lover's spot in Venice.
{ard on the lovers, thought the layman,
for he couldn't make head or tail of it
However, he watched the girls. After

much crooning and admiring they began |

to back away. ‘The layman backed, too,
and the further he backed the more he
could see. Just anold bridge. So that
was art Well, well, well, good for the
girls, he thought

After that he began to admire from a
distance,

layman listened. They talked of im-
pressions, local color, tinting, expression

Once he heard them come back to earth |
and remark what a wonderful blue the | scured

seu WAS.
blue on the signs out on the Jersey meacd-
ows. Art was there without a doubt but
the layman's mind failed to grasp it, he
wandered forth into the sunlight again,

Across the street stood a structure
which proclaimed that the owner was an

ness of this house, the layman decided
to get what information he eould on the
subject. How to start he did not know
Perhaps he should ask about the prob-
lerms that confront the importers. After
being greeted by numerous frockeoated
individuals, to all of whom he told his
business, he was escorted into the presence
of the proprietor of the establishment,
Josepn Duveen of Duveen Bros,

Hore came enlightenment tothe layman,
In reply to the question as to problems
! art connoisseur replied that there
One

‘There are no problems of any great
difficulty in the importing of art,” he
aiid, “In 1990 a law was passed taking
off the duty on all paintings, engravings,
etchings and sculptures that have been
proved to have been in existence for more
(han twenty years. All other works
of art must be £00 ears old before they are
duty free, ‘This latter includes antique
furniture

Wwe

”

Mr. Onuveen then went on to aay that
very few objects of art imported by the
hig sortera come under these laws

Wn
Some tine of the Empire period,
from 1796 to 1820, can be brought under
the jurisdiction of the custom officials,
but the furniture of the latter part of this
xeriod is seldom imported, Yet, said
Mr. Duveen, there are still a few noted

 

boss Mr. Duveen.
called the floorwalker and the layman was)

LONDON

 

 

PARIS

re!

 

 

painters works
Among these are some by
AtrnaTeclotan, the English artist whose
“Message of Love” recently sold for
$30,000, and Lhermitte |
{am of the opinion, however,” con-

i Mr

whose
Harpignies,

 

   
  

tinu Duveen, “that within the near

future all custom restrictions on im
porting of arc will be removed. Since
the law has been made less stringent

the business of the art importer is fourfold
greater. It is further beneficial to the
business by allowing us to ship our works
back and forth as often as we please
Vhus at certain seasons we place our best
works in the New York galleries later
in the year we ship those that have not
heen sold back to Concan ’

Mr. Duveen then cited several interest
ing facts in regard to the importing of
art works. In speaking of Italian works
he said the scarcity of these objects was
due to the Italian law which prohibits
the old masters and valuable art works
leaving the country. Many an Italian no- |
bleman, he said, possesses art works tha’
he would gladly part with to replenish his:
fortunes, but the laws forbid him bringing
therm to this country, Special permission
may, however, be secured from the King.
This is often done by imperters. France
is trving to pass a similar law, said

BANK WINDOW ADVERTISING. !

 

| A Scheme for Placards That Is New and |

| bankers, more eat

Before one picture, he later | ‘ ,
learned that it was a masterpiece, stood | its large front windows from top to bot-
two girls filled to the brim with art. The | tom with a black blind on which the name

|

The layman had seen a better| although the large double door entrance

Has Made Headway.

It now seems to |e a consensus among
ially the amall town
bankers, that good strong advertising
placarda placed in the bank windows play
a judicious part in bank advertising.
While the idea is practically new in this
country its gradual arrival in connection
with the growth of advertising generally
throughout the United States was not un-
expected F
Some few yeara ago a merchant in a
small Western town entered into the bank-
ing business, bringing with him an ad-
vertising instinet which he had developed
in his business. Pefore that time the bank
of which he became president had covered

of the bank was painted in large gold let- |
ters, These letters were partially ob- |
by massive iron picket work, |
into the bank itself was not so guarded,
The merchant's selling instinet rebelled
against the waste of advertising space.
“We too are selling something, the use

n | of money,” he reasoned with his cashier,
importer. Since importing was the busi-| “Basic selling principles are largely the

| black glaze was

|
|

same Whatever the commodity, Why
should we not make this window help us
get in more money and help us find more
people to use ouc money?” he asked, “I
believe that good sane window displays
will pull more busineas for us just as they
used to sell more goods in my store. We'll
try it.”

‘So the steel bars came down and the
removed so that all
passersby, some of whom did not know
what a bank looked like inside, could see
right through to the president's private
office in the rear, The big time clock
safe made a much better safe place for
your money impression than did the old
“keep out” window bars, and the sight of
others transacting business inside had the
same kind of attraction, though less in
degree, as does a crowd of shoppers
around the retail bargain counter. Add
to this a clever series of window displays
in which a variety of plain show cards
strongly urged the various uses of this
hank, then apply various good merchan-
dising principles in other ways, and it is
not strange that this bank actually doubled
ita business during the second vear of the
merchant's regime as president,

“And [ know that at least 80 per cent.
of that increase is directly due to our show |
window advertising,” concluded the mer- |
chant banker,

are dutiable. |

-OTHER

 

BlG GUNS AND THE
IDEA BEHIND THEM

They're Not Really New, for Ten-
dency to Mount Them Evx-
isted Before the Civil War.
FLOATING. FORTS

, The Kind of Armament Nelson Won

Sea Battles With and the Frigate
Constitution.

‘the big gun idea is not new. for the
tendency of building the largest practi-
cable gun and mounting it on all ships
was clearly marked in our navy before
the civil war; that gun was the eleven
inch cast iron smooth bore, the best naval
gun then afloat, and it was chosen because

|it had the advantage of range and de-

structiveness, says Prof. (. H. Peabcdy
in International Marine Engineering.
During the war the fifteen inch gun was
developed for the monitors, to give power,
much as now the desire to increase power
leads artillerists to turn to fourteen inch
guns. With this history in mind the writer

| a8 early as 1902 asked a well known naval

designer, “Why not mount twelve inch

guns only?” and the answer was that the |

step waa too great to be taken at once,

Should it once be settled what type
of big gun is most effective, then the
corresponding type of battleship could be
worked out on the basis of the number
of guns that could he worked effectively.
Now the size of the gun in the end de-
pends on such metallurgical operations
as forging and tempering the great tubes
of which such guns are built up, and of
these one at least, namely, the lempering,
isa surface operation which probably has
heen brought to the highest efficiency.

As early as the Leginning of our fifteen
year period a leading steel maker told the
writer that the thickness of such tubes
was limited to about seven inches by auch

onsiderations, which would account for
the failure of early guns of mammoth
size. It is hardly wise to set a limit, for
limits have a habit of moving upward
and onward, but any one can note that the
fourteen inch gun is given a less muzzle
velocity than the twelve inch gun, which
means a less powder pressure. In fact
the coast artillery fourteen inch gun was
avowedly designed for a less pressure
in order to secure longer life for the gun,

But the land gun is set in azimuth and
altitude like an astronomical instrument
and places its shot with precision, so that
flatness of trajectory has not the import-
ance that has always been found at sea,
where ranges are uncertain. Perhaps
the naval artillerist begins to feel the same
confidence in his range finding and is
ready to seek for longer life of the gun and
heavier bursting charges in shells. But
whether the gun shall have twelve inches
or fourteen inches calibre, it looks as
though the question of guns and ahip
might be soluble if other elements are not
injected

We are sometimes inclined to think
that the radical and rapid changes which
characterize our times are found only
in our times and that our forefathers were
slow if not inert, not realizing that a rapid
change requires two elements, first, the

| clear grasping of an idea, and, secondly,

'
the ability to carry it out; it is in the latter

that we have the advantage
nently.
Such a change took place about the year

preemi-

1665 in the wars between the English and |

Dutch in consequence of the formation
‘of the close hauled line of battle.
fore this time warships of all sizes were
‘built and all were drawn into the con-
fused battles in which nations strove for
mastery at sea. In the
broke out between these two nations of
seasoned seamen both knew the advan-
tage of the line of baitie formation and
uged it so far as possible. in the four
days battle of June,
had eighty ships and the Dutch 100;
there appears to have been much di-
versity of sive and power of ships in both
fleets, the Dutch having little advantage
from numbers because in general their
ships were of leas size, Our interest is
now not who won nor how stubborn and
‘bloody was the fight, but that from this
wer emerged the line of battle ship.
The type of ship was already in ex-
atence in both fleets and thereafter none

‘but that type was built for the capitel:

fleet. It may be characterized by the
two decker seventy-four gun ship and
the three decker, hundred gun ship, the

tendency on the whoie being toward the |

‘heavier ship, though it Was a poorer
sailer and less seaworthy. The size of the

gun waa limited because it must be man |

|handled and the ship because built of
j wood, So well settled was the type that
| Nelson's Victory at Trafalger in 1805
was 80 years old,

companied fleets and acted individuelly,
but was not placed in the line. The type
!was thoroughly seawortny and so much
better a sailer than the line of bhattie
‘ship that it couid be brought to action
jonly by ships of the same type. Of this
type was the Constitution, a little larger,
a iittle more heavily armed and alittle
| better ship then frigates of other nations.

At the same time that Greet Britain
produced the Dreadnought she surprised

‘the world with an entirely new class, the
‘battle cruiser, represented by the In-
domitable: she carries eight 12 inch
guns on 17,250 tons and has a speed of
‘more than twenty-five knots on_ trial:
j her length being 530 feet the speed length
{ratio is more than‘unity, The later ships
‘of this stype are to be 660 feet tong, to
make twenty-eight knots and to carry
eight 13.5 inch guns, Germany only has
followed
class. It appears that the battleship
and the battle cruiser are in fact two
types of line of battle ships which are
likely to approach as the displacement
increases and that in the end we shall
have a weil defined class of large, heavily
armed fest ships, which type may become
permanent unless displeced by an en-
lirely different type of fighting.

The question remains, What type of ship
shall take the place of the frigate, the eyes
of the fleet, which is not expected to lie
in the line? The various types of pro-
tected and armored cruisers were devel-
oped for this purpose but have all been
outclassed by the battle cruiser, as has
also the scout cruiser. There is reason
to think that the important duty of acout-
ing and of protecting the battle fleet
from the enemy 6 scouts will be per-
formed by vessels of the type of the tor-
perio boat destroyer, now really a power-
| ful ship, which deserves a better cogno-
men. At the beginning of our fifteen year
period this type was well advanced,
being represented by the British Fame,
which, with « displacement of 272 tons,
made thirty knota on w length of 210 feet.
Our later type is represented by the
Flueser, which has a displacement of 700

} tons and can make 33.7 knots on a length
of 289 feet

The Flusser has steam turbines which
developed nearly 12,000 horse-power.
This may be contrasted with the 5,800
horse-power of the reciprocating engines

joe the Fame, and so we may estimate the
cost of the relatively | increase in

 

Be- |

war that then,

1665, the English!

The other type of wooden men-o'-war |
was the single decked frigate which ac- |

in constructing ships of this)

 

speed. On the other hand the Fame
carries one 12 pounder and five 6
‘pounders, while the Flusser has five
1% pounders. The increase in tonnage
| from 272 to 700 very much increases the
weatherly qualities of the vease!. It is
likely that the displacement may reach
1,000 tons for ships of this class, which
approaches the displacement of old tim
frigates. Our Constitution had 2,200
tons, but was a large and heavy ship
of her class.

Submarines building are reported to
have 525 tons displacement, with speeds
of fourteen knots at the surface and 0%
immersed. Great Britain reports sub-
marines of 800 tons displacement to have
fifteen knots speed, and larger boats
are said to be contemplated. at such
,craft will greatly increase the difficulties
of a blockading fleet and add to the
nervous atrain of the commander will
be certain; they may render enclosed
areas and all spaces near the land un-
tenable for battleships on account of the
discrepancy of the cost of the submarine
and its natural prey, the large armored
ship. This will increase the importance
of the destroyer, which will be unlikely
to give place to any craft which is not
larger or more expensive. The con-
sequence is likely that important naval
engagements will be in the open sea,
| where the advantage of large ships and
, big guns can be best developed.

PEROXIDE’'S MANY USES.

It Is a Valuable Antiseptic and Can Be
Employed in Other Ways.

One of the most powerful bleaching
| agents employed in various trades is
perpside of hydrogen, also known as

drogen dioxide and oxygenated water.
The natural oolor in ostric! plurpes is re-
moved by it and it will also bleach a great
number of other things, such as bones,
ivory, silver, wood, silk, cotton and hair.
; It can be used to restore the color to old
j oil pandas which have become dark-
j ened by . Peroxide is a valuable anti-
septic and will also destroy objectionable
| microorganisms in water, It can even be
used to cure ind tion, but for this pur-
\ pose. aa well as for other medicinal uses,
t must be diluted. Aldrop of pure peroxide
jis strong enough to raise a white blister
| on the skin,
| Minute quantities of peroxide of hy-
| drogen are found in the air, in rainwater
j and in snow, and it is sometimes found
in the juices of certain plants. The liquid
is produced on a large scale by the action
| of acids on peroaise of sodium, The
solution may be concentrated by allowing
the water to freeze out, by passing dry
air through it or by evaporation in a
| vacuum over sulphurio acid.

TRUCKING NOW SPECIALIZED.

It Is Not Easy to Thread the Crowded
Thoroughfares of New York.

In a great city there is bound to be
specialization on ali sorts of lines. There
are thousands of people who have prac-
tical ly the same needs and the law of sup-
ply and demand secures for them a oor-
responding number who can provide for

| those wanta, This is true of modern
trucking.

It is no easy task for a team to thread
its way through the confused tangle of a
great city's traffic, and when the Sriver's

, task is to move some large or unwieldy
| object his difficulties are greater. That
is why the teamsters and truckers of a
town like New York have become experts
in their work. Teer must be to overcome
| the obstacles which confront them.

The four or eight horse team which
draws the heavy load of steel girders
for some downtown § skyscraper has
, become a familiar sight to the business
man and he seldom stops to think how

 

 

much planning and experience is neces- |

sary to carry this great load through the
jwtreet with safety. There ia a acience
of house moving too, and it haa been
| developed to such a point that hardly

any building is so large that it cannot be
moved.

ns i sl ise ler liseli assassins suesesinisthisniniesiasieneinsissssetini~an

}

_

| AMERICAN ART PROGRESS.

The Centennial Exposition Marked the
Beginning of a New Era Here.

The artistic development of the countr y
| during tae past year, according to the
| critics, has manifested itself not so much in
the number of works of art produced as
| in the establishment of numerous schools
| of art in the various large cities, the num-
ber and general excellence of public ex-
| hibitions, the increasing frequency of
{large sales, particularly in New York
city, and in the money spent for native
and foreign works. New York, it is
| claimed, is rapidly becoming a world
centre and clearing house for objects of
art of every description.

| ‘Two widely discussed recent purchases
{of works of art by American collectors
| was that of a Velasquez which brought
| $500,000. and a Rembrandt which als.
| brought $500,000. Pictures by contem-
porary artists as well as those of recoz-
nized native masters who have died i)
recent years, such as Inness and Martin.
are steadily appreciating in value and a!-
| ready hold their own with European
Productions at the public sales, A colle«:-
tion of eighteen Inness landscapes wer:
recently sold for $150,000. While New

York has not as yet a large central art
exhibiting building, such as has Phila-

delphia and Chicago, yet it is estimated
that during the season just the dea!-
ers and sa) galleries in this city have
pus forth as many picture exhibitions,

ree to the public, as either London or
| Paris, the great European centres. In
; twenty-one public auctions held in this
icity during the year of 1900-1910 2,504
| pictures changed hands at a total cost
| Of $2,635,307,
| The cause of art has official recognition
by the Federal Government in the recent|y
established National Commission of Fine
| Arts, consisting of seven Judges, a)-

pointed by the president to “advise gen-
erally upon questions of art when re-
quired to do so.” ‘The special function
j of this commission is to act for the Dis-
trict of Columbia in the selection and loca-
tion of public works of art. The Ameri-
can Federation of Aria, also having i's
headquarters at Washington, was formed
there in 1908 at a convention of nearly
one hundred art societies. It is practi-
cally a clearing house and exchange of
‘all art organizations in the country and @
| general bureau of information,

The leading art museums in the country
for several years past have vied with each
other in extensive work through the
public schools. The annual report of
the Metropolitan Museum of Art shows
that during the past year a total of 744,419
visitors inspected the works of art there
In the same period 10,521 additions were
made to the museum's various collections.

The baginnin of the present era of

ogress in art in this country may be
laken from 1876, when the Centennial
Exposition was held at Philadelphia
This is in the sense of the widespread
popular interest, the investment of capi-
| tal and the endowment of public museums

and schools. Thirty-five years ago the
Metropolitan Museum of Art, in ita embryo
stage, had little to show besides the Blod-
ett collection and the Cypriote antiqui-
Wiscienl tegiete Geek samteninl'e bn
| Historica siety then a gai-
| lery of old European paintings and Ameri-
|can portraits, but these were known
only to specialists. The annual exhib--
tion of the National Academy of Design
showed rotation of portraita by various
;artistea and an occasional ape
A few wealthy collectors went abroad to
buy and the sensational art auctions

lof the present day were unknown. !t
was in 1876 that F. Bb. Church's “Niagara
| Falls” waa wold for $12,500, Thia was
reputed to be the highest price ever pail
for a picture in America up to that time
| In the same year Turner's “Slave Ship,”
| now in the , was ght