BOY SCOUT WITH GUN

KILLS A LAD IN PLAY

Nuns Away With Companions When
Henry Luckhardt Rolls
Down Hill, Dying.

VICTIM WAS 9 YEARS OLD

| Lesster to

\rrest 12-Year-Old Boy Late at |

Night and Lo¢ck Him Up i

on Suspicion.

Hieory Luekhardt, a nine year

s hoolboy, Was shot and Killed yeaster-

fternoon by another boy dressed |

| khaki uniform such as those worn
' Boy Scouts. The two with a
wd of lads were standing on top
») small hillock i. a vacant lot on
Tindley avenue between 168th and 169th |
in The Bronx.
lhe police arrested twelve-year-old
Muotland Jarvis of 1186 Clay avenue, The
Bronx, early this morning on suspicion
that he was the boy who fired the shot,
they charged him with juvenile delin- |
jueney and sent him to the custody of the |
Children's society for the balance of the
neht. He belongs to the Gen. McClellan
troop. ‘The police say that he telle con-
ficting stories regarding the shooting. |
Henry and his brother, William, who
with their father, Sebastian, a
hoteher, at 3548 Third avenue, were with |
a third companion, John Leitner, 9 years
old. They had with them a collection
of milk bottles and they had been to
natural spring at Morris avenue and
1aTth street and filled the bottles. They
«on the way home when a rise of
ound in the vacant lot, a ten foot
ch hummock, looked Inviting to them,
s) they got on top of it and stayed for
a while
\ company of six other lads whom
hey did not know came by in a short
tme. One of the boys in the crowd
f six was dressed in canvas uniform
and campaign hat, and he carried a
rifle
The newcomers charged up the hill
with true San Juan Hill fervor, and the
boy in uniform was weving his rifle in
a way that made the three on top of
the hil want to get away as quickly |
as they could. William Luckhardt and

 

 

| BATTLE

1
|

!
'

old |

 

 

 

— _

awyer’s Interest and Conduct of the
Case Left to a Referee.
Under a decision by the

Mirabeau Towns was named as referee
to determine whether Willis T. Gridley

lis to be removed as counsel for William

C. Lesster 2d in a contest in the Surro-
gate's Court of the will of his grandfather,

| William ©, Lesster, who left an estate |
| of $400,000 to his young wife, Grace Felix |

Leaster,

and two children. Surrogate
Cohalan

granted an application b
substitute James F. Lynch
as his counsel in place of Mr. Gridley
and named Mr. Towns to determina
what Gridley's services have been worth.
The higher court ruled that the appli-
cation should not have been granted
upon conflicting affidavits and directed
the referee to take testimony on all
the questions invofved. The Appellate
Division also directed that the lawyer
have a lien on young Leasster’s interest

| in the estate unless it ix decided that the

lien should be vacated by reason of the
lawyer's misconduct

Lesster said in his petition that he
understood that Mr. Gridley was likely
to settle the céntest for so little that the
contestant wouldn't get a cent. This
Gridley denied, saying that he had never
considered a settlement for less than
$400,000, of which he and his associate
counsel were to have half.

NEW ATLANTIC CITY PIER.

Contract Let for 2,200 Foot Concrete
Structure at Tennessee Avenue.

ATLANTIC Crty, N.J., March 23,—It wae
annotnced this morning that a contract

 

 

 

| was awarded yesterday in Philade}phia

to the Hennebique Construction Company
for a concrete pier to replace the ocean
pier at Tennessee avenue, the oldest of
the beach amusement structures.

The new pier is to be 2,200 feet long and
of fireproof construction. The contract
was awarded in the name of a syndicate
of New York and Philadelphia capitalists
headed by H. E. Stevens of New York,
which recently bought the old pier from
the Youngs Pier and Hotel Company.

Mr. Stevens also owns the Hygeia
swimming pool, near the new pier,

Tire = call for a width of 1621 feet.
The piling will be two feet square, of con-
crete reinforced with steel. The pilings
at the beach end will be forty feet long and
those at the ocean end sixty feet. Con-
crete heams and girders will support the
decking, which will have a granolithic

oor.

MRS. SAGE GIVES $5,000.

Helps Starving Chinese--Much More
Needed in Next Three Weeks.
Mrs, Russell Sage contributed $5,000

 

John Leitner. started on the run down | yesterday to the New York China Famine

1 other sice of cNe hill Henry, how-
ever, pleked out a box dirt cart that was |
standing empty on the top of the hill
and made a hasty retreat :.to it as the
storming party swept upward. When |
ie Visiter got to Ge top, Ghougin |
Hlepry saw that it was >o.ly f and
climbed down to take a look at the rifle

i get cequainted. |
The boy with the gun had it in a |
tier case, He got to pulling it cut |}
with a sweep of a half circle that |
acled the crowd of’ in fear again as

he barrel pointed at them ‘" its cir
ciing. Everybody seemed to be feeling a |
good bit of distrust for tht rifle when
{t kept swinging at them every once

in a While. William and Jecin, who had

eat a tecreatl, stuoa half way down the |
side of the mound |
|

 

 

Throw up your hands or I'll shoot
you, Willlam says he heard the rifle
Scout call out to Henry, his brother,

‘Oh. go on! You won't at all,” replied
Henry. “You're afraid to shoot.”

Henry was laughing as he was look-
ing at the gun and the newcomers and

apparently enjoying the fun Then |
William heard a shot and saw his
brother fall. Henry was standing on

the edge of the mound and when he
tell with a wound in his abdomen he
rolled over and over down to the bot-
tom of the little hill.

William and John fled in fear and
lismay. So did the six boys on top of
the hill, and the police of the Morrisanta |
station were looking for them last night, |

it unsuccessfully.

Two passers by, Walter Fisher of 305
Hast 169th street, and a woman, picked
up the dying boy and carried him into
a store at 1258 Findlay avenue, where
én ambulance from Fordham Hospital
was telephoned for. Dr. Forman, who
responded, found that Henry had been
shet in the right side of the abdomen
with a bullet that appeared to be a .22
calibre. His brother, William, had run
'o his father at their home, and shouted
ent that Henry had been shot. The
father ran to the store and saw his boy
just before he died.

Willlam said the boy who did the
shooting was about 14 years old, with
ght hair and about 5 feet tall. Some of
the Boy Scouts of The Bronx were out
on a hike yesterday over,in the Jerome
avenue section, and when the hike was
‘nished they had broken up and re-
turned to their homes in little groupes
of two or three. It is thought that this
party might have been one of the
Rkroups.

 

BATTLE OF PROSPECT HILL.

 

 

Youthful Gangs tn Earnest Warfare Saved
From Extinction by Police. |

Hroken windows and dented doors around
Ve -second street and birst avenue las-
niet gave evidence of the Battle of Pros-
et Hill fought just at sundown between

Prospect Hill and Slaughter House
fifteen boys on a side, and which

ld certainly have resulted in severe
ities if a thrd party composed ot}

' (Gareen and the reserves from the
Thirty-fifth street station hadn't |
bitted in and carried off seven of the con- |
testis including the leaders of each

‘rospect Hill. is a bie hump that over |
Ooss the Bast River at the foot of Forty-

i street and the youths who live}
‘hin sight of it have banded together
fer its name. Likewise the boys who

!in the shadow of the slaughter house

een Porty-fourth and — Forty-fifth

e's oon First avenue have assumed if

their letter heads. The serap last
feat was only one of the outbursts ory

which have awitated the citizens
avenue from time to time. Juvenile
1 eney, the police ealled it, that was
miy thing they could call it since not

[the prisouera was over 15 vears old
* boys brought imo by the police was

Khaplan, leader of the Prospect Hill
es, Who lives at 762 Seventh avenue
i Gittings of $11 Bast Forty-first street,

O'heete of 660 Third avenue, Johu |

1 leader of the Slaughter House

Who lives at 284 East Forty-second

Ceovge Karen of s22 Kast Forty-
reet, Join Reilly of 770 Second avenue
fward Little of 760 Second avenue

 

bipst

 

' the last two were bailed out. by}

perents bat Reilly and Little had |
fo to the Children's Soclety rooms,
the bous will be arraigned in the Chil- |

enw Court

to-morrow morning,
DIVINING ROD A SUCCESS.

crman Bellevers In the Power of
Hazel Twila.

March 14 German believers

divining: rod point to what they

ire some remarkable and well authen-

d cases in which the hazel twig haa

tled Lhe presenoe of water in the soil,

he Munich municipal authorities had

wondering why so much water was

(dat the Starnberger railway station

when all the outlets were closed it

Yeo found that there must bea big leakage |

‘here. A diviner with a rod was

He walked about and pointed

UC hesitation the spot where a

'pe Was leaking The saving

vod expense by employing the

ZK method instead of tracing the

ve pipe by laborious digging is
eo.

‘ the

»PHLIN

od

rt
“

‘children have been sold.

 

Relief Committee in aid of the starving
3,000,000 Chinese. The total amount re
ceived by the committee and remitted is
now $65,000, ~

The committee makes an urgent appeal
tor money at this time, asking for immedi-
ate contributions, as the crisis of the
famine has been reached. After three
weeks relief will be of little avail.’ A
vast number of the famine stricken cannot
live beyond this time without help.

If the people can be kept alive until
the first second week of May the
sufferers will then begin to get the benefit
of early spring crops. The crops are

poor because of past floods Money

contributed now will keep many alive >
e

until crop time. Without Ip they will
die. One dollar will keep alive a_man,
woman or child for a month, and $% wiil
enable a whole family to fight off starva-
tion.

The people have sold every animal or
possession of value; the house doors,
roof rafters, straw thatch of the roofs
have been given up for food. Wives and
The bark of
trees, weeds and light grasses are being
eaten with a pittance of support of life,
causing terribly bloated faces and bodies
and many deaths from poisonous sub-
stances. Typhus fever, relapsing fever
and smallpox are spreading through the
refugee camps.

The $85,000 thus far sent from the New
York committee has aided about one-
fiftieth of the 3,000,000 people starving.
The committee will cease its work in
three weeks. Contributions, however
small, may be sent to Jacob H. Schiff,
1 Madison avenue.

STEAM UP ON BOLDT'S TUG.

 

The Queen Is a Winter Life Saver Up at
the Thousand Islands,
George ©

is called the Queen She is used for
moving scows when dredging is being done,
and it has been the custom to keep her in
commission all winter

The St. Lawrence has been unusualiy
full of ice thia winter. The chief engineer
of the property was down to see Mr. Boldt
recently and when the subject of the Queen
came up the owner said he believed he
would put the boat out of commiesion until
tne ice had got out of the river because her
coal bill wag big

‘You don't know what a reputation that
craft has up there,” remarked the engineer,
“They call her ‘The Life Saver of the St
Lawrence ' She isthe only boat thereabout
that has been in commission all winter, and
of course she has steam up all the ime
She is the only boat on the St. Lawrence
that can break through the ice, and one
night last winter she saved five lives This
winter a boy who was ice boating was
pitched out on the ice and broke = through
an air hole lhere was no other way
of getting to him except with the Queen
‘The men on board fished him out,

“Well, I guess [ can well afford to buy
coal for her if the Queen ean do that,” said
Mr Boldt, and he gave orders’ the tug
could bave all the fuel needed

 

|ANSWER TO THE ENGINEERS.

Railroads’ Answer to the Demand for
Higher Wages Has Been Finished.

A reply to the demands made on behalf
of the locomotive engineers on forty-eight
Bastern railroads for increases in wages.
bringing the standard of the wages up to
those paid in the West, has been prepared

OVER $800,000 ESTATE.

Boldt has a tug up at his big
place on one of the Thousand {slands which |

) Appellate
| Division of the Supreme’ Cowt yesterday

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1912.

ern ences

| including adaptations of the latest Imported Models of the most fashionable Novelty Silk
and Wool Fabrics, Real Laces, Batistes, Linens, etc., at Unusually Attractive Prices.

And have also

arranged for Monday, a Very Special Sale of

popular priced apparel, comprising

Tailored Suits,

New model, long shaped revere,
Strictly tailored, of diagonals,
in desirable colors and black,
trimmed with pearl buttons,

Actual Value $32.50

Silk, in navy, brown and black,

Very Dressy Models of Chiffon Taffeta
; ; at 23.75

Actual Value $35.00
Four Plain and Demi-tailored Models,

of Foreign Serges, Whipcords,
| Shepherd Checks and Mixtures,

Changeable Taffetas, Hairline Stripes, |
| at 27.50 |
Actual Value $39.75 |

| Dresses,

| Entirely new effect, of French Serge,

Black and White Stripe Cloths and

Chiffon Taffetus, lace and braid trimmed, $

silk lined waist, man tailored, at 16.50

at $19.75 |

° Actual Value $24.75
of Meteor, Rajah, Silk Poplin, Plain and |
Changeable Taffetas, lace trimmed and

hand embroidered, in all desirable

Street and evening shades, at 23.50
Actual Value $34.50

One Piece Style, showing new coat effect, |
of Imported Eoliennes, in black and |
street colors, hand embroidered, at 29.50

Actual Value $39.75

Women’s Outergarments

/are being displayed, including Later Foreign Models for Street, Afternoon and Evening Wear of Real Laces,
Chiffon Cloth Dresden lined, Tinsel Brocades, Pompadour, Plain or Changeable Chiffon Taffetas,
Charmeuse, Faille Silk, Broadcloth, Eoliennes and Marquisettes at Very Moderate Prices.

Exceptional Values for To-morrow

Dressy Wraps,

Draped Model, of Charmeuse, with deep fold, in
street and:evening shades, lined with Peau de Cygne
or fancy Grenadine, also of Figured
Grenadine, lined with crepe meteor,

 

| trimmed with marabou,

Actual Value $37.50

|Imported Garments,

of Novelty Tweeds, Soft Materials, Whipcords and Serges, all very desirable models,

Street Coats, |
Entirely New Fitted or Loose Models, of Men’s |
Wear Serges, Shepherd Checks and
Novelty Mixtures, button to neck

or notch collar effects, at $17.50.
Actual Value $26.75 |

at $28.50

a 39,75

Actual Value $65.00

‘

 

To-morrow, will be offered a large collection of desirable

Women’s and Misses’ Waists |

| Tailored Waists.

of Madras or Linen, shirt

effect or tucked model, at $1.35, 1.85, 2.75

Lingerie Waists,
of Marquisette or Batiste,
high or low neck, at

 

Monday,’ an Extraordinary Offering of a Recent Importation of High Grade

1.45, 1.95, 2.85

At Very Great Reductions

Peplum Waists,
of Eyelet Embroidery or

Sheer Batistes, at $1.75, 2.75, 3.95

Mannish Shirts, of Habutai Sitk, |
.in white or colored stripes,

with or without yoke back, $2,50, 3.75, 4.85,

|

French Hand Embroidered Lingerie
At About One-half Their Actual Values

59c, 95c,

Chemises, at
Gowns,

New and Exclusive Models in their celebrated

* 1.45, 1.95, 2.50, “
Combinations,

4.75
3.25

1.25 to 3.75) Corset Covers, 1.15, 1.55, 2.25 to
§.95 Pantalons, 4 95c, 1.35, 1.85 oe

at $2.50, 3.10, 4.25, 4.95 to 6.50

 

 

Classique Corsets

‘are being shown, of Silk Broche, Batiste, Tricot and Coutil, adapted to all figures and distinguished by long

graceful lines, giving the low bust

And in

| Coutil and Batiste Corsets,

marked at the specially low prices of

Also large assortments of Brassieres, Hip Confiners and other Accessories.

West Twenty-third and Twenty-second Streets

 

 

TEXTILE STRIKE =
SPREADS RAPIDLY

‘’en Thousand Workers May Be
Idle in Passaic District
‘To-morrow.

LAWRENCE BOSSES NOTIN IT

 

 

Hands Complain of Hard Conditions
and Demand Large Advances
in Wages.

by the committee of twelve vice-presidents ,

and general managers of railroads appointed |

for the purpose. This reply will be sub-
mitted to the representatives of the loco-
motive engineers, the spokesman for whom
is Warren S. Stone, grand chief of the
Krotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, to-
morrow forenoon at 4a joint conterence
in the Engineers Societies Building, 29
hast ‘Thirty-ninth street.

The reply, which goes into the demands
in detail will be made public after it is
submitted, ‘The committee of vice-presi-
dents and general managers spent a go
part of last week over the reply, Some o
the demands were very sweeipng on seyv-
eral railroad systems

4 vote is now being taken by the mem-
bers of the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen on all the roads east of Chicago
and north of the Ohio River on the question
of making a concerted movement for uni-
form wages for the locomotive filreinen on
all these roads, the vote to be returned on
April 5. No vote is to be taken on the pay-
ment of higher wages than those paid on
certain Kkastern roads where the highest
wages prevail The vote is to be on the
question of levelling up the wages

GOVERNMENTSUESON CONTRACT.

Alleged Combination That Prevented De-
livery of Coal for the Astatie Squadron,

The suit of the Government against the
New York and Porto Rico Steamship Com-
pany to recover $10,249 for breach of con-
tract in failing to transport 16,000 tona of
coal from north Atlantic ports to Mare
Island for the use of the Asiatic squadron
was brought to trial yesterday before
Judge Mayer in the United States District
Court, The contract specified $3.23 @
ton for transportation, ‘Ihe company
failed to carry out ite part of the contract,
it is alleged by the Government, because
of a combination among owners of foreign
vossela who refused to charter steamers
to the defendant, though as much as $4 a
ton wae offered. | ap Moyer took the
estimony and reserv ecision

Passaic, N. J., March 23.- Three thou-
sand operatives are already out in the
textile strike conducted here by the
Industrial Workers of the World and
indications are that the number will reach
nearly 10,000 by April 1 The strikers
are mostly Poles, Germans, Slave, Hun-
garians and Italians. Pay slips produced
by them show that hundreds received
from $3 to $8 a week, working from fifty
| to sixty hours So far there has been no

violence.

Organizer Boris Reinstein of Buffalo
said to-day that the Industrial Workers
of the World conducting the strike have
no connection with the Industrial Workers
of the World operating in Lawrence,
Mass., and other New England towns

“Our headquarters is in Detroit and
theirs is in Chicago,” Reinstein said.

| “They appropriated our name and urge
violence, whereas we conduct all strikes
along peaceful lines. We have warned
our workers against violence and will not
stand by any who preak the law.”

Michaael Miller, a striker, who threat-
ened a Brighton Milla employee with
bodily harm if he did not quit was sen-
tenced to-day to 100 daya in the county
jail. The Industrial Workers of the World
refused to aid him

All weavers in the Garfield Worsted
Spinning, the Brighton, and
mills and the spinners in the New Jersey
Worated Spinning mille are out The
Manhattan Shirt Company's plant and
both the Passaic and the Garfield fac-
tories of the Forstmann-Huffmann (om-

o i
4

  
 

and straight hip effects, required for the prevailing fashion in gowning.
addition several very desirable styles of

$1.95, 2.50, 3.45, 4.50

|
!
|

      

 

        

 

 

 

 

Stern Brothers |

are now prepared to show very large assortments of Women’s High Class
Tailored Suits, Dresses, Costumes
and Three Piece Gowns

MILLINERY DFPARTMENT

| :
has given its 3,000 employees a 10 |
ire,

; cent. increase hoping to avert a atr
but it is said that there is still dissatis-
faction mong one operatives. Officials of
| the Botany Worsted mills, with 8,000
i hands, have given increases in some
| departments and with the aid of private
detectives are trying to prevent a strike
| Notices have been posted throughout
; the plant, which is the largest of its kind
‘in America, that if the workers of any
!one department go out the mills will be
closed.

'

The striking weavers ask for $3 a day,
| which in many instances would an
| Increase of from 75 to 200 per cent, Be-
| cause of fines for alleged flaws in their
| work many of them ve been unable
to earn more than $4 a week and few
have earned more than $9, working from
| fifty to sixty hours. They also allege
that in several mills when they have a
| small amount over the even dollar the
| change is withheld. Besides demandin
| anlabolition of fines and the “short change
| Syatern, the strikers want recognition of
| eir shop committee.

The increase asked by all workers
outside of weavers is from 15 to 26 per
cent. The Socialist party has taken
;@ hand in the strike and promises aid
| financially and otherwise. ne operators
| refuse to recognize the union, but have
taken no concerted act4on.

DETECTIVES TO SHOW CAUSE.

First Graders Must Tell Why They Got
' Bank and Enumerate Arrests.

| Each of the first grade detectives yester-
| day received a blank form with instruc-
tions to fill out and return to Commissioner
Waldo, The forms require each detective
to name five important arrests he has
made in a given period of time and to
state the reason why he was made a first
| grade detective.
| made more than five important arresta he
is instructed to name them in an added

slip.

Bn the reverse side of each slip is a
for three indorsements by the
| detective’s superior ofticers. No ex-
| planation of the pur of these blank
orms was made and there was a good
| deal of speoulation among the men last

 

 

 

idea ie. It was thought that he is plan-

|ning some changes in the first grade
detective ranks and has selected this
out the fireat grade. Firat

| way to weed

detectives receive the pay of police

eutenante, $2,250 a year.

{
|
|

 

|

 

 

\
i —- — er
pany, deserted by all employees, are) |
| pany. In Carlstadt the Shark silk and the CHINESE LOYALTY LACKING.
| Georgian textile mills have also shut ; i |
| down. | Japanese View of the Fall of th
The United Piece Dye Works in Lodi Dynasty. o'Se eee

Lonpon, March 14.—-The Tokio corre-
spondent of the Times makes some in- |
teresting observations on the demeanor
of the Japanese nation in face of the
fall of the Manchu dynasty. It is noted
that during the 4,117 years of China's |
written history nearly all the twenty- |
five dynasties which have ruled her
rose or fell amid bloodshed. The peace- |
ful and voluntary surrender of the last
dynasty will stand, in Japanese opinion,
to China's credit for all time.

“But what most astonishes the Japa-
nese and provokes their censure,” says the
correspondent, “is the fact that among
the hundreds of millions of Chinese people
not one was found to show any heroic
devotion in support of the Tsing dynasty
From the point of view of a pure blooded
son of Han the Manchus were alien usurp-
ers, But they had produced such im-
mortally “great rulers as Kang-hai and
Chien-lung, rulers who carried their
country to a high pinnacle of prestige
and prosperity. |

“China. owes them much. Moreover. |
multitudes of Chinese must have received ,
from them benefits deserving perpetual
gratitude. Yet among all benefi-
ciaries not one was found to lay down his
life for his sovereign at the su mo-

ranger or
|

 

ment, wo feoord could be
more revolting japanese eyes.

“Only one explanation has een Offered.
It is that the study of classical literature
and the undue importance attached to it
have ex rcised an enervating effect on the
upper classes in China and have unfitted
oe ry Co es ae my >

“It is a m cho nese
eyes-—a lady and her infant con ariven
from a@ throne which their ancestors
had ocoupied Goring peerty tareo centu -
ries, while 400,000,000 of ese onlookers

If the detective has shrink from any exercise of loyal chivalry

in behalf of the sufferers,”

 

 

Three suits were brought in the 8u
preme Court yesterday against Freder- |
ick C. Whitney; the theatrical manager,
by Gorman singers who alleged that
they had been engaged to sing in “Der

German Singers Sue F. C. Whitney. |
|

the Gera night as to what Commissioner Waldo's | Rosenkavalter,” and that Whitney broke

the contracts, The contracts were signed |
in Berlin last June, it was pieges, Hanna
von Graufleld wanted $10,000 damages |
hecause she was to ang all geapen at,
$260 a week, Karin Gade sued for the
same amount, and Max Aschner, who was
to get $100 a week, sued for 95,000.

—

Stern Brothers

are now displaying their entire

Spring and Summer Importations

of Morning, Afternoon, Reception, Dinner and
Lingerie Gowns, Tailormade Costumes

from the leading Paris Modistes
which they have marked at Very Close Prices.
Also an Exhibition of

ARTISTIC FRENCH CREATIONS

in Parasols, Neckwear, Blouses, Etc., specially assembled
for To-morrow and the remainder of the week.

in their Dressmaking Salons on the Third Floor

 

Particular attention is also directéd to Later Arrivals in

; Paris [lodel Hats

together with a choice selection of Dress and Street Hats
from their own workrooms.

To-morrow, a Collection of Exclusive Styles
horn Hats, trimmed with flowers,

Le
Milan Hats with Novelty Fancies;
and a large line of Hats

( . 9,75, 14.50
for immediate wear, \

Regular Value $14.50 to 19.50
THIRD FLOOR

 

In their greatly enlarged department for:

Untrimmed Hats

on the First Floor, they are showing unusually extensive assortments

of Imported and American Hats, comprising Milans, Tagals,
Leghorns, Chips, Rough and Fancy Straws, in the
newest and most fashionable shapes.

For To-morrow, at Special Prices

Real Hemp Hats,
in black, Chie and colors, at $1.00
at 2.98

with velvet facing,
in black, white and colors,

Flowers and Feathers

Recent Importations of Lilacs, Pansies, Roses, Fruits, Foliage and
Flower Pompons, Ostrich and Fancy Feather Stickups.

Also Monday, Attractive Values in

-Wreaths, Bandeaux and Stickup Effects,

of fait flowers, daisies, roses
other Spring flowers,

Fancy Ostrich Quills,

in black, white, natural and colors, at 8&5¢
Curled Ostrich Quills,

with numide aigrette, in white, natural and colors, at 2.50

Ostrich Quills with Pompon,
_ e a 328

in natural, white, black and colors,

a 95°, 31.25, 1.50

 

Spring Importations of Alexandre, Lupin and Babbette
Suede and Glace Kid Gloves

are being shown in the most desirable styles and colors, also
Cape, Mocha, Chamois and Imported Washable Doeskin Gloves,
in long and short lengths, for Dress, Street, Riding and Motoring.

To-morrow, an Important Sale of
Women’s Real Kid Gloves

Two clasp, overseam sewn, Paris Point embroidered,
in black, tan, brown, gray, oxblood and pearl, at 78
Usually sold for $1.35 Pair

Two clasp, pique sewn, heavy embroidered backs,
in black, brown, gray, oxblood, cream and pearl,

Two clasp, overseam sewn,
Paris Point embroidered, in white only,

Usually sold for $1.50 Pair

a 21.15

Monday, an Exceptional Offering of

Tailor Suitings and Dress Goods

mprising Homespuns, Diagonals, Whipcords, Serges and Novel
bs, Hixteres im the most desirable effects and colors, mn

Specially Priced at 85°, $1.25 Yard
Regular Value from $1.25 to 2.50 Yard
Attention is also directed to Later Importations of Silk Voiles in the

new Paris shades, Embroidered, Fringe and Chenille Bordered
Voiles, Marquisettes and Eoliennes for Spring and Summer Gowns..

 

Uphoistery Departments
Spring Importations of Summer Furnishings

ted Dra Fabrics, Materials for Furniture and Wall Coverin
wine anes in full and sill lengths, Embroidered and Dotted *
Muslins, Swisses, Scrims, Madras and Sunfast Tissues
for casement draperies.

Cretonne Covered Screens, Utility Boxes and Dressing Cabinets,
also Cedar Chests.

Special Inducements for Monday

Scrim Curtains,
with filet lace insertion,

Marie Antoinette Lace Curtains,
Usually $5.50 and 7.50 Pair

ish and French Cretonnes,
nen of discontinued styles, at 18¢, 25°, 35¢

Formerly 35c¢ to 60c Yard ’

Furniture Slip Covers, Window Shades and Awnings
Made to Order in their own workrooms,
At Very Moderate Prices.

Usually $1.90 Pair, at $ 1 45

$3.75, 5.00

West 23d and 224 Streets

Sasa Ieieinteilipaebeiiicanh: ideas iemidtntanedetines-aerpasedpaieiccampeananaee

}
t

a ee