4 fondness for Narration That Assails
Many Successful Men.

Yen who have been successful in ao-

mulating fortunes are fond, partiou-|

pri in their later years, of trying to

ow they did it and how others

explain hy
yay!
egamt) °

The ads

pound, be

thrifty. 4

to the

ally by the rapid route
joes not find in these homely words any

clue that

the golden key which will unlock the door
of the temple of fortune

And ye
the multimillionaire fails to tell all he
knows about the art
at least all he can tell without putting
himself in a class where he would not!
be greatly respected
evidences of greed and rapacity, the| principles that
reasonably sure of leading to
petence, which is all the average man can

 

Wi

!
i

| WM,

Forwarders, Weighers and
| Commission Merchants |

{ 78 Front St.

New York--Terminal
Building, 26th and lith Av
| Brooklyn—Independent Stores, 61 and 65

Jay

Stores
Baltimore Jackson's Wharf

 

eo
HOW

nd don't
i very trite and Wholly unsatisfactory
person seeking wealth, espe-

  

THEY GOT RICH.

 

| devious tw

say that al
majorit
mulat

rich by imitating their
says Investments,
‘© given always has a familiar
frugal, industrious,
speculate. All very

energecic,

} the wealth
ing for the

Somehow one | tha fact

will help in readily obtaining | before. “It

t ii may be doubted! whether

of getting rich;

lhe little or great | wealth

expect.

PORCE WS. FORCE

H. FORCE & CO,

runners of

Marine Insurance and
Custom House Hrokers

New York

BRANCH OFFICES i

Stores, Corneil
e.

‘|
| of winning
| with

The
be inborn,

 

St. Robert's Stores. | Martin's faculty o

} 1) quired and
} puwrvenves

SSeS =

of them, have been
would
Men who get rich usually confer some
great commercial or industrial benefits
upon the community, and it would re- |
quire evidence not yet at hand to con

vict them of taking an undue share of

extravasance and prodiga

willhardly suffice.
patience and
at least a fair degree of judgment re-
| carding the investment of money.
aculty of piling up millions may

stowed upon the very few

 

ists and turns by which the

last dollar was extracted from the help-
less, the tricksof high finance, all these
are passed by in silence.

Yet these devices have played no small
part in the history of men of money. To

| great fortunes, or even the
80 acclu-
be wide of the mark.

they have helped in creat
benefit of mankind.

the real secret

could not well be otherwise,

Vere the rules for acquiring wealth as
definite and aa certain in their operation
and results as the rules of arithmetic,
the diatinection which
his preeminence over
fellows would soon disappear, for any-
body could get rich by observing the

ee the rich man
is less fortunate

rules.
But if there are no sure guides to great

there are indisputably known
steadily followed are
a com-

nd here the time honored maxims
apply; industry, rage thrift, these
are the beginnings o'
| ) a8 surely as are their copes es, sloth,
it

financial progress

y. the fore-
poverty.

The virtues enumerated lie at the basis

a competence, but alone they
‘They must be coupled
supplemented by

@ special qualification be-
But the
earning and accumulating a

competence is almost a universal attribute
| of humanity and one which may be ao-

sharpened by study and ob-

 

 

XxX = a ———————
———SaSQESSEESEESE —————SS SS

 

 

| THE BREATH CARBURETER

(Patents Pending)

The Very Latest The

Leone,

Very Best

Greatest Simplicity of Construction
Highest Fuel Economy and Power Development

Most Compact in Form

Only One Adjustment

Absolutely Fool Proof |

Needle Valves and Spring Dampers Eliminated

A Perfect Mixture at All Speeds —Under All Conditions

With Perfect Carburization

Inventor: WILLIAM L. BREATH

Owners and Makers;
W. L. BREATH

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ABRAM I. ELKUS was born on

August

43 years old.
He w
lic Schools of the City of New York,
the College of the City of New
York and the Columbia University.
He was admitted to the Bar in

IS88 oT

of James, Schell & Elkus, of which
on the deaths of Col. James and
Mr, Schell he became and now is
tle senior member.

Mr E
iession

He was
Mates J

Obates

‘raudulent bankrupts, which he did
Siecessfully. He established a prec-

dent t b

Drocee lings is
ng

marily a3 contempt.

Mates §

‘486 fixing rights of persons dealing

With ins

Ounsel for the Merchants’ Associa-

tion he j
lation

arough
40 gales

chand SA, ele,

Many merchants and mercantile

fompani
8 Buch

IMport 1

He js

8nd practical

Liens a;
member

tnd Or

re

180 Whiton St., Jersey City, N. J.

pe

in almost all its branches
fince his admission to the Bar and
has been in many celebrated cases.

y Bar Associations, a direc-

“STANDARD?” |
25H. P. Standard Gasoline Engine |
The Most Successful |

Marine Engine

| Over 100,000 H. P. in service in all parts of the
| world. Specified by Leading Naval Boards,

 

GEORGE G. BROWN

’ AUTO OWNERS! DEMAND THE BEST!

—-4ZJ jone of the best moving picture photog-

 

 

   
 

a

 

|
|
I

Arthitects and Shipbuilders.

Built in sizes from 8 to 1

Standard Motor Const

 

6, 1867, and is therefore

as educated in the Pub-

time to

n 1896 he formed the firm Fund he

kus has practiced his pro-

reers.
selected by the United
udges as a Special United
lo prosecute

Technical
Attorney

from the
iM perjury in bankruptey
punishable —sum-
In the United
ipreme Court he argued a

milliners,

of errand

lvent stock brokers. As
S active in promoting leg-
for commercial welfare
uniformity of law relating
and warehousing of mer-
He is counsel for

es in New York City, and
he is constantly engaged in
‘| commercial litigation.

the author of an historical
treatise on ‘Secret
4 Reputed Ownership,” a
of the American, State,

York.

fessions.

es | ig pictures for schools will take place in| of labor and env

 

|
5,000 H. P. |

ta |

ruction Co.

15 minutes from foot of
Liberty St... C.K. R, of N.J |

 

ee

 

educational work. As

Trustee of the Baron de Hirsch | portant.

has been one of those in

charge of the Trade School main- |
tained by that body in this city, | ecomotives.

He is at. the head of the Hebrew

School for Girls, which

yearly graduates 250 young women
who have been taken as graduates

public schools and thor-

oughly trained as stenographers,
typewriters,

book keepers,
dressmakers and

clerks,
other

kindred trades, thus enabling these
young women to begin life, instead

girls in the lowest sphere,

with an assured trade or profession,

He is an independent Democrat.
He has been a delegate to many
of the national and State conven-|I sent men to the scene and reproduced
tions, and at the last convention
(at which Gov. Dix was nominated) | CUrred:
was a member of the sub-commit-
tee which drafted the Platform.

In February of this year Mr.
Elkus was elected by the Legisla-
ture of this State asa Regent of | process, 1 simply poured certain chem-
the University of the State of New | ic4ls upon 4 glass and let colored crystals
The Regents have charge
of all the educational institutions!

} . 1
| “We try to teach them as we try to teach

pmuenieneed

5 TH

 

EDISON EXPLAINS.
| HIS LATEST SCHEME

|e Grew Out of the Aversion His
12-Year-Old Boy Had
for School.

 

 

When ail is said, when the rich man, FILM SHOWS AS. TEACHERS

has done his best to put others wise to,

the rules of the money making game, |

remains that

of money getting is no leas obscure than
€

|New Method Will Make the Old Folks
| Wish They Were Boys and
| Girls Once More.

Thomas A. Edison has a boy 12 years
old. He is about like other boys. His
teachers are about like other teachers.
But school does not interest him. He
knows he should be interested, but he
isn't. A year ago Mr. Edison began to
wonder what was the matter.

His perplexity became greater when he
was told in Germany last summer that
within a few years 3,000 German children
had committed suicide rather than go to
school. When he returned to America
he began an investigation. He found
that New York city had paid last year
$215,000 to truant officers. Plainly some-
thing was wrong. But what was it?

“I had to go to Darwin for my answer,”
Mr. Edison is quoted in the World 7'o-day
as saying. “And this is what Darwin
told me, Children are in many respects
only little animals. Like all other ani-
mals, they receive most of their impres-
sions through their eyes.

“The receipt of impressions through
spoken words is an acquired power. Chil-
dren possess this power only to a limited
degree. But these are facts that we do
not recognize when we send children to
schoo °

|adulte—with books. We ignore the easy
| way to take the hard way. We make
little or no appeal through the eyes, but
make almost every appeal through the
tedious process of memorizing. School
| books are made for children, but children
are not made for school books.”

Then came Mr. Edison's determination
{to try tomake the moving picture film
;|do what school books have failed to ac-

complish; that is, make the schools uni-
i versaily interesting to children.
} “See how we teach geography!” he said.
“The teacher, we will say, is trying, with
the aid of books, to give children who
were never outside of New York city some
idea of the great continent of Africa
The children are told that there are Kaf-
fire in South Africa. There may be a
picture or two small, lifeless things— to
| show how the Kaffirs look

“But when all is said and done the chil-
dren do not know much about how the
Kaftirs look and leas of how they live
| And when the child has been drudged al-
| moat to death to memorize the ‘principal
products’ of Africa the lesson is ended
|
'

 

“lam going to try to teach geography in
a different way. At this moment I have
raphers in the world in Africa. 1 told him
| to land at Cape Town, and to take every-
| thing in sight between there and the mouth
| of the Nile.

“His pictures will show children what
Kaftirs are and how they live. He will
show them at work, at play and in their
They will be life size Kaffirs that

hones

‘will run and skip or work right before the |

‘children's eyes. Do you believe many
(children will play sick while these pic-
tures are being run off?

“But the Kaffirs will be but the sma!!est
{part of what the African plotures will
jshow. ‘The biggest beasts of the jungie
‘the elephants, lions, tigers and giraffes
will be shown, not in cages’ but in their
| native haunts. The city of Cape Town will
ibe shown, with its charaeteristic streets
| and ita shipping.
| “The broad veldts over which Kruger's
' armies marched will be shown just as they
are, with here and there a burgher's
cottage. Every step in the process of
‘mining gold and diamonds will be put
| upon the film. The Nile will be shown,
| not as a smal! black line upon a map but
jas a body of beautiful blue water, alter-
nately plunging over cataracts and creep-
jing through meadows to the sea.
| “Then will come the Pyramids, with
inatives and tourists climbing them, and,

 

‘|| lastly, the great cities of Alexandria and

\Cairo. Would any child stay at home if
lhe knew such a treat as this was in store
‘for him? Would he ever forget what he
| had learned about Africa?”

| This is but a sample of what Mr. Edison

tor of the New York County Law| intends to do for the teaching of ge-
yers Association and a member of
the Manhattan, Democratic, Lotos,
Harmonie and Lawyers Clubs.

Besides practicing his profession |
Mr. Elkus has devoted much of his

|ography. He intends to show all reach-
able parts of the earth in the same way.
In addition he will give the children exact
and detailed information with regard to
the way every manufactured thing about
them is made. Nothing will be too smal!
| or too great for him to put upon films,

because he regards such information as
He will not only show how
a pin is made, but he will show how steel
rails are made.

He will show men making and running
The children themselves

|

will seem to be speeding over the country,

where young men are trained in | because the pictures will be taken from
practical trades so that they may |a@ locomotive as it speeds. The land-
be not only self-supporting but
start in life with a thorough train-
ing fitting them for business ca-|the whole field of knowledge that is

| scape will seem to whiz past them as it
does past an engineer.
“In this way,” he says, “I shall go over

suited to a child's comprehension. I
have made a list of these subjecta and
there are about 4,000 of them. F am
going to make films of them all. I have
already made some of them, and we are
j turning out more of them, here in the
laboratory, every day

“I do not expect that moving pictures
will take the place of all school books,
but I do expect that they will take the
| Place of most books used below the ninth
grade. I do not know how I could teach
grammar with méving pictures, but I can
ree reading, writing, spelling, geog-
raphy, arithmetic, and physiology.

“I can even teach history and some
branches of science with moving pic-
tures. One of the best filma we ever
made was of the battle of Lexington.

the battle as nearly as I could as it oc-
In the same way I have shown
; Washington crossing the Delaware.
| Many other historic scenes: could as easily
be reproduced.

“And one of the most interesting pic-
tures I ever made illustrated a chemical

form. Seen with the naked eye this
would not amount to much. But I mag-
| nifled the crystals until they were as large

of the State, including the admis-! as slices of bread, and when they popped
sion of lawyers to the Bar and phy
sicians to practice and other pro-

up from the glass they looked almost
| like covers flying from the manholes over
@ sewer.”

Mr, Edison's first experiment with mov-

SUN, SUNDAY,

 

 

MARCH 24, 1912.

 

 

his home town, Orange. The local school
board has placed one of the largest school JAP

| buildings at his disposal. As soon as
he has made enough sets of pictures to
constitute a year's course he will give
an exhibition to the school board and in-
vited guests,

If the pictures are the success that Mr.
Edison believes they will be the board |
has promised to substitute them for books
in a school or two, and if they continue to
produce good results to put them in all,
except the high schools. Mr. Edison has
made the machines safe by inventing a CHANGES AMONG
non-inflammable film. He has made the
films cheap by fussing with his micro-
scope until he has put as many pictures
on 75 feet of film as ordinarily go upon
1,000 feet.

AFTER THIRTY YEARS

Topknots Had Vanished and Hats
Ifad Appeared, at Least on
Men’s Heads.

 

 

 

WOMEN

“Tlamlet” Being Given and Wagner and
Beethoven Played and
Enjoyed.

DISTRIBUTING ELECTRICITY.
ees Dr. Thomas C. Mendenhall last surmmer

An Interesting Problem in Lighting Dis-| revisited Japan after an absence of thirty
| tribution and Equipment. years. tle says that it was not ho ta
| One of the problema which a lighting chimneys of new factories or the big
| company has to face is that of distributing eee, fying me we se os
electricity. Dealing with an important | 0s impressed him, we at . aoe
phase of this the Engineering Record says; ‘Minor details which nevertheless ma
An interesting phase of the growth of the contrast with the picture of life there
central station service is the Question of | “*, he had remembered it. 1%
street lighting distribution and equip-\ What, for instance, had become o it
ment arrangement. In the early days topknot, or small tuft of tied up hair, that
of the art the supply of current to aro | Partially covered the shaven top of an
lamps was handled by locating a num- Japanese head? he says in the Orienta
ber of series wound dynamos at the power Sr wen fe aa Oe ovite,
plant and feeding the entire town or ¢ 7 ‘Tokio or other city, except on the nend
to 1256 lamps each. Continuous current of an actor and then it was soon discovered
performed an acceptable service here, to be part of a wig. In the country one
and often the length of a single loop | ° two were found, the insignia of ultra
from the station out and back reached | Comservatism.
thirty or forty miles. Series inoandes- Che absence of the queue was made
cents consuming the same current as the up for by the presence of the hat on the
standard aro lamps were added to these ; head of nearly every man and boy;
| circuits, improved generating and regu- ) altho igh formerly the habit of hat wear-
lating apparatus came to the front, and | ing was so rare that hats were constantly

alternating current found where last deposited by the owners,

 

 

by separate circuits containing from

 

fas the demands ot Hout ever tesin
distribution in commercial lighting and | Whe had gone off without ever missing
18u

tuethods of
a sboatees “Shoes of

reached

power fields increased the
direct current street lighting
a high point of development in the driy- | P@come nearly as necessary a part of @
ing of generatora alternating | ™4n's dress as the Western hat and the
current motors fed directly from the|2umber of men who clothe themselves

busbars. Enclosed alternating |Co™mPletely after the Western fashion

| have

station have | i
current arc lamps were developed for |1# How 60 great that they have long since
i

the Western model

aro by

series service and in many cities these | Ceased to attract special attention.
superseded the older direct current open Few things in Japan have been so
arcs, permitting the sale of the rugged | xed and unalterable as the fashion in
and well designed specialized dynamoa| Woman's dress. While the material of
which it is composed may range from the
poor and cheap to the rich, costly and
exquisitely beautiful, the model has
tion design becaine simpler, economy of | bee) practically the same for centuries,
operation was increased and the two! “But even in this a very considerable
systems dwelt beside each other in peace | change has somehow been brought about,
and harmony ; and it is especially noticeable in the style
| of hairdressing now all but universal

With the advent of the magnetite are | : ;
lamp and the continued extension of the} mong Japanese ladies. The new style

of the day and requiring the important |
change to the constant current trans-
former as the price of remodelling. Sta-

 

is vastly legs complicated and difficult,
and hence less costly than the old. It is
unlike some of the fashions

sphere of influence of large and efficient
central stations, new conditions arose
in the street lighting field, and as a ra- M
sult of these a decided change is taking | recently in vogue among the Western
place in methods of distribution. A people, and to the general European
typica! instance is the practice of the Bos- | taste is more artistic and beautiful than

ton Edison Company, which is depar.ing|the elaborate coiffure which so long
from the policy of centralizing its arc | prevailed. ;

machinery and inaugurating the! . “There are many indications of a ten-
plan of Jocal distribution control from | dency to change other long established
the various substations scattered about |features of the costume of Japanese
its several hundred square miles of terri-| Women and it does not seem rash to pre-
tory. Nearly all the electrical energy | dict the abolition of the obi, the tremend-
| produced by the company is generated | ously large, heavy and often very expen-
at the great plant at L street, in South | sive girdle, with its enormous bow in the
Boston, but more and more the are and | back with which a Japanese lady encircles
series incandescent street lighting of the| her waist and which in the eyes of most
suburban area is being served from sub- | foreigners detracts so much from the
stations through suitable transformers | grace of her movements. —
and mercury are rectifying equipment.| “To abandon this classic feature of
Municipalities whose street lighting con-| Woman's dress at once would be little
tracts call for service by alternating | short of a revolution; but already it has
current lamps are readily supplied! disappeared from the authorized and gen-
from these local distribution centres, and | erally prescribed outfit of young women
| regardless of the type of lamp used the | and girls at school, who now dress in a
opportunity to introduce snbstantial say. | Very attractive style, uniform in model
| ings in live investment i+ being utilized, with charming Variations in color accord-
} to « large degree. The system thus is’ ing to the taste of the wearer,
being better sectionalized, and the work! “Twenty-five or thirty years ago there
of electrical generation at the L. street | Was a pronounced leaning toward Euro-
station is Correspondingly sim plified. | pean models of dress among Japanese
Something of this sort is also being done! ladies, which now happily seema to have
at New Orleans, and although the latter | quite disappeared. At present this fash-
ina Considerably smaller city the benefits | ion is so rare among them that while a man
} of « subdivided street lightming distribu- | may travel about the country in European
tion are so clear that there is little doubt | dress without causing the slightest re-
that the plan will be pretty generally ex-| mark a Woman clothed as she would be
tended in tio next few years. A point |in Europe or America is immediately sur-
of some imiportince in this connection | rounde by a horde of the curious of both
is the redneed cost of space required for | sexes and all ages, to whom her dress is a
fconverting and regulating etreet lighting | great novelty.
apparatus in substations as compared “In contrast with the condition of
| with the frequent heavy expenses of hous- | thirty years ago the quantity and variety
ing it in the main generating plant. ‘The! of foreign goods of all kinds offered for
circuit economies depend of course upon | sale in the shops have enormously in-
local geographical conditions, but even) creased, ‘Made in Germany’ is to be read
though the size of wire needed for street | on countless articles in every Japanese
lighting loops ia small it cannot be ques- | city and town, and the market for even
tioned that very substantial savings in| some of the widely known specialties of
conduit and pole line investment accom-\ Japan hag been invaded at home by for-
pany the new policy of decentralized dis- | eign competitors, and this in spite of the
tribution of energy for the illumination | very high import duty that prevails.
of the public thoroughfares. The re- *Doousionalty one discovers that a once
sponstoliity for this service can also be} highly valued and profitable business or
| placed upon the substation without over- | profession has been completely wiped out.
ES the attendants, anda sitive Bhirty years ago the beautiful metallic

not very

aie ne

 

 

 

 

saving in labor cost results. Even in| mirrors then universally in use among
cities of moderate size the plan has much | the Japanese could be bought on every
to commend it, atreet.

conditions justify “Mirror casting, grinding and polishin
was an art demanding much gkill,
mirror making was a business that had de-
scended from father to son for many
generations. But the superiority of the
silvered glass mirror was immediately
recognized and now one may search in
vain in all the great cities for shops in
which metallic mirrors are offered for
sale, and the guild of mirror makers is
extinct.

“The metal mirror is one of the ‘sacred
treasures’ of Japan and is always to be
found in a place of distinction in Shinto
and also in many Buddhist temples.
When I asked where were themen who re-
polished these temple mirrors and sup-
plied new ones when required, the com-
pletenses of tho extinction of the pro-
fession of mirror making was impressed
upon me by the reply that what little there

commercial

provid
installation of

the
substations.

BOSTON’S NEW IDEA.

Wants a Model Business Street as a
Shining Example.

Boston, which is planning all sorte of
improvements to be achieved by 1915, is
now considering Thomas I’. Anderson's
suggestion that a model business street
be included.

First of all, a jury of experts would
decide on the best kind of street paving
and sidewalk material available, and the
city authorities would be induced to lay
it, he says in New Boston. Then the light-

 

ing companies would make the street; Was to be done in thet line in these days
even more attractive by night than by Dad been relegated to the umbreila
€ ’

day, by a flood of illumination, possibly
by using the artistio bunch lights of Los
Angeles, with arches of single incan-
descent lamps, as in Vancouver. If the
street were not too wide it might be
roofed with glass, thus saving the vast
amount of time and human energy now
lost in the raising, carrying and control
fof umbrellas

There would be neatly uniformed at-
tendants “removing instantly all papers
and other rubbish deposited by the
thoughtless or ignorant.” Vacuum clean-
ing would be followed by liberal flushing
from stand pipes, as in Paris, and streama
}of pure water running down the gutters
continually, as in Salt Lake City, would
sweeten the atmosphere and remove some
of the dust and débris,

Model shops, with artistic, individual
yet harmonious frontage, would line the
street. Window lighting and trimming
would be a most compelling attraction,
and interior lighting, ventilation and
shopping facilities would be the beat | of my stay in Tokio there was a decided
known. The latest arrangement of sub- | run on the box office of the leading play-

t office and public teleuhone would | house, ‘Hamlet,’ translated into Japanese,
»% a part of the equipment of the laraor |
establishments, and there should be, “Few things were more astonishing
some place or places where patrons could} than the growth during the last forty
easily find the latest news bulletins, the | years of a taste for foreign music, The
stock market quotations, the weather | remarkable flexibility of the Japanese
predictions, houra of high and low tide, | mind is illustrated by the fact that while
railroad time tables, &c. “The militant) few, very few Europeans, even those of
| Bawanoy” would not be in evidence, | long residence, ever understand Japanese
}although the local newspapers would | music well enough to become really fond
be on sale in the street. of it, hundreds of thousands of Japanese

The merchants, having entered into the | find great pleasure in the works of Bee-
|apirit of the thing wholeheartedly, would | thoven, Handel and Wagner.
agree upon uniform hours of opening; “But their own still holds first place
and closing, of a system of parcel delivery ; in the hearts of all the music loving ple
and other details of store management, | and some of them who are capable of
| College graduate salespeople might be, thoroughly understanding and enjoying
;used to leaven an otherwise less intel-! beth aystems sturdily maintain that a
lectual lump of salesmanship, and there | possesses certain qualities and character-
should be lecturea on business efficiency. | istics of such excellence that it will have
Every effort should be made to get the | a large contributory influence in the evolu-
mazimum result by pleasant conditions| tion of the music of the futufs, and must

t. be reckoned with accordingly.”

“The modern methods of transportation
have been well nigh fatal to the pic-
turesque jinrikisha with its swift and
gracetul runner, for in spite of the very
considerable increase in the population
along with an enormous increase in the
business activity of Tokio the number of
jinrikisha men is only ten to twenty per
cent, of that of the early days, and the
cost of employing them is correspondingly
greater.

“Most of the streets are well lighted
at night, the more important being quite
brilliant with a display of electric lighting
and electric advertising, There are sev-
eral fine new theatres where until the
curtain goes up one might easily imagine
oneself in Paris or Berlin, though behind
the curtain in most cases all is still
Japanese

Many innovations, however, have been
made in the theatre in the last thirty years,
one of the most interesting being the in-
troduction of female actors upon the
Japanese stage. Western plays are now
frequently put on and during one week

being the attraction,

 

AN REVISITED =

 

|

 

Incorporated 1871,

THE EQUITABLE
TRUST COMPANY

OF NEW YORK

37 WALL STREET

IH] Colonial Branch, 222 Broadway

Capital and Surplus.

London Branch, 95 Gresham St.,E. C.
Fifth Avenue Branch, 618 Fifth Avenue

Paris Branch, 23 Rue de la Paix
$13,000,000

ALVIN W. KRECH, President
_ FREDERICK W. FULLE, Vice-President
i HEMAN DOWD, Vice-President

LYMAN RHOADES, Vice-President

H. MERCER WALKER, Treasurer

RICHARD R. HUNTER, Secretary

HERMAN J. COOK, Asst. Treasurer

CARLETON BUNCE, Asst. Treasurer

GEORGE M. STOLL, Asst. Treasurer j

WILLIAM J. ECK, Asst. Secretary

DUNCAN P. SQUIRE, Asst. Secretary
ROLAND P. JACKSON, Trust Officer

|
| LAWRENCE SLADE, Asst. Secretary
|

TRUSTEES

Charles B. Alexander
Albert B. Boardman
Harry Bronner

Urban H. Broughton
Henry R. Carse
Robert C. Clowry
Henry E. Cooper
Frederic R. Coudert
Paul D. Cravath
William H. Crocker
Thomas DeWitt Cuyler
William A. Da
Frederick W.
Robert Goelet
Edwin Gould

|

ulle

BROKEN SHAFTS MAGNETIC. |

Curfous Property of These Stecl Masses
and an Explanation.

A curious property of broken shafts is
that they are often magnetic, explains |
a contributor to /nternalicnal Mining
Engsneering.

It is not,

 

however, remarkable that |

a mass of stee! should have an effect on |
a magnetic needle, but it is found that the | wildering troubles t
broken faces of the shafting show like | is confronted with are hard to find, ye:
interesting whem found. Some of tiv
theories given may be considered to»
imaginative, but imagination is necessary
’ Above ail,
pieces, we will find that we have three | what is more heceseney than imagination
eaca wi is reasoning, and inarine engineers muat

magnets, each with # north and eaca with | learn to look further chan Solana rea-
sons for
But we never find when we have broken | small amount of technical
the magnet that the two adjacent faces! often counts for more
of fracture have the same polarity. Thus, eXperience and, what is more, leads to an
understanding of the principles whic,
underly the cause and the effect

**={*_*""_"_"_"__]_[{]_""""__—=_==_—__--- -

polarity. If we take an ordinary bar |
magnet, a magnetized knitting oeedie, |
for example, and break it into three |

a south pole.

although the shaft is magnetized, its,
magnetism, or, if we may say 60, the dis-

position of the molecules, differs from our |
usual experience of magnetized bodies.

It has been stated that shafts have been

found in euch a condition that they were |
magnetio enough to support spanners,

bolts, &c., and that if a handful of rivets

were thrown at the shaft many would

stick to it. Shafts as highly magnetized

as this, however, do not uppear to be

common, although in almost every case |
distinct polarity can be detected.

A curious point in connection with this
is that nearly 80 per cent. of the failures
of shafting take place in the Atlantic trade,
The fact of the prevalence of heavy
weather in this trade and that ships often
run out light accounts for some of this,
but is & not possible, applying our theory,
that as the ship is running east or west,
and therefore her shafting cutting the)
earth's lines of force just like the armz-
ture of a dynamo, the effect the currents
produced may show itself in the molecular
disturbance of the metal? Should this be
the case an effectual remedy would be a
coil of wire, not necessarily a large one,
through which a current was passin:
round the shaft. |

Such would have the effect of keeping
the polarity of the shaft constant, The
only reason that the writer offere for this
peculiar relation between magnetized
metal and weakness is that the magnetism |
has an effect on the molecular structure |
which may be something akin to fatigue
It is not necessary onat, such eee
as a shaft may poesess be acquired when
in use. It is found that if a shaft is forged
lying in a north and south direction it has
a strongly marked polarity, Such may
explain the magnetic condition of steam
hammer piston rods which so often break, |
In forging, shafts are often fractured
through insufficient heating during the

roceas. When the outside of the shaft
is hammered and thus stretched the inner
portion is stressed and sometimes this
| xtreas is sufficient to cause actual fracture, |
Unfortunately such fracture is invisible |
and the outside appearance of the shaft |
gives no indication of its presence. This
form of weakness in shafting is often
brought about by lengthening shafting. |
In these days, when so many ships are |
built after the same model, it is the prac- |
tice for ship engineers to stock shafting, |
and in lengthening a portion which they
have in etock insufficient heating during |
the process oftea causes serious internal ;
stresses, . :

In one case some time ago now it was
found that a ship was constantly breaking |
her propeller shaft and with a view to)
strengthening the diameter was increased. |
Curious as it may seem, this did not im- |
prove matters but rather made them |
worse. The reason was not evident, |
but yet it was not complicated when dis-
covered. In this instance the ship was
weak and in a seaway was liable to bend. |
As the shaft had to bend with the ship |
the larger it was made the more liable it |
became to fracture. This is plain when |
we remember that the strength of a shaft
in torsion varies as the cube of the diame-
ter, while its longitudinal rigidity varies
as the fourth power of thediameter, Any |
increase within practical limits will not
;prevent the ship from nding and,
since the shaft must bend with her, the
strees on it will be inc

An interesting case is one where a dyna-
mo used for ship lighting broke the shaft
with persistent regularity. The dynamo |
was placed athwartships and in bad |
| weather the engineers were accustomed |
to look to it for trouble, _[t was suggested |
that the machine should be shifted so
| that its shaft lay in a fore and aft direction |
) and on carrying out this suggestion the
| trouble was removed |
| The explanation was that the armature |
| of the dynamo, running at high apeed and |
| having considerable momentum, acted |
| a8 & gyroscope. The principle of the)
sy pe is that a wheel, revolving i
[St ‘high speed in a given plane, tends
A

 

 

 

to remain in that
force which is appli
of rotation

applied force.
applied force was the rolli
and the reaction was suffi
the shaft of the dynamo

axis of rotation at right an
to the direction of the applied force the
effect was eliminated.
The foregoing notes may be sufficient
asons for many be
he marine enginee:

o show that the re

} in

Harry B. Hollins
Thomas H. Hubbard
Edward T. Jeffery
Bradish Johnson

Otto H. Kahn

Alvin W. Krech

Leonor F. Loree
Charles G. Meyer
George Welwood Murray
Ralph Peters

Winslow S. Pierce
Lyman Rhoades

Albert Strauss

William H. Taylor
Henry Rogers Winthrop

Solicits accounts of banks, bankers and corporations
upon favorable terms.

_ ee |

lane

solving all problems.

uncommon results

than

 

NIKOLA TESLA

Eminent Electrical Engineer,
Physicist and Inventor, Whose
Work Has Attracted Wor.d-
wide Attention.

 

NiAnVLA ARSLA
Sikola Tesla, whose name ts familiar
In every part of the globe where sclentine
researen is conducted, was born tn 1857,
in Siniifan, Lika, border County of Aus
,

\rla-Mungary; tie son of a distinguished
clergyman ard orator, and of Georgiana
Manalc, & famous woman and luventor,
Whose father Was also an inventor, His
education began in the elementary schoo!
of nis native place, continued four years
In the public sehool In Gospic, ‘Lika,
four years In Lower Peal school in Gospic,
and three years in Migner Real school,
Caristadt, Croaila, where he was graa
uated in 1875. Originally destined for
tne clergy, ue prevalied upon bis parents
to send Dim to the Polytechnic Scuool
in Grate, where, for four years, he studied
maatvematics, puysics and mecuanics,
following with two years of pnilosupnic
studies at tne University of Vrague,
Bohemla Ne stérted on his pracucal
career in Isst, in budapest, hungary,
where he made lis first electrical inven
lon, @ telepnone repeater, and con-
ceived the idea of bis rotating magnetic
Held; thepee he went to France ana Ger
many, where he Ww@s successively cu
Reged in various brancies of engineer:
ng and manufacture, Since 1884 .e nas
been A resident of the \Loltea States,
of whleb ie is @ naturalized ciizen, anu
here his subsequentinventions originated,

\moby tis iaventions and discoveries
are; System of are ligoting, lost ‘i ecsia
motor and system of alternating current
power trausmission, tue “‘Jesla coil”
of transforiner, which has proved an
todispensable adiunet in many electrical
arts, lvl; investigations of bigh-fre
queney elects and pnenomena, isvl va
sysiomy of wirelcss transmission of to
telligence, 1se); mocnanical osciliators
and generators of electrical oscillations,
ISI; researches ahd alscoveries in
material streaius and
emanations, were publis.ed in a senes
of papers In tue ‘bleetrical Keview,”
yew York, 1886-1596, In which be an
bounced all the salient phenomena iater
attrivuted to radium, high-potentiai
magnifying transmitter, i607; sysiem
of wansmission of power witvout wires,
1577 -ddOo; economic transmission of en
evgy by refrigeration, 1806; art of telau
lumatios, iow WU; discovery of siation
ary electrical waves In tue earta, ive,
burning of atmospheric nitrogen, ana
prouuction of oWer electrical effects
of transcending Intensities, 180¥- Lu00
luethou and apparatus for magnifying
feeole effects, WOL-twod, art of Indiviauall

novel raqimtions,

vallon, 182-tus, ‘the development of
hie system of world-iclegrapby aad
telephony and of the transmission of

power without wires has engaged much
of wis attention since that ume

most Imporiant recent work Is tne als
covery of a new mwevhanical principle,
wuet pe pas enbodieu tn a great variety
of macoines, as reversible gas and steain
turbines, pumps, blowers, alr com

pressors, water turbines, mechanical
iraneformers agd transmitters of pow e

hola engtves, etc foie principle en
abies tue production of prime mover
capable of developing tea horsepower,
core roore, for each pound of weight

Hy thelr application (to aerial naviga
tiod, and toe propulsion of \essels, ubga
epveds are practivavie

\

and resists any
‘ applied to alter the plane
This resistance takes the
form of a force at right angles to the
In the above case the
ng of the sh;
cient to brewk
By placing the
gies, as it were,

In this ¢
knowledge
years of

i}

te