ee

a a eee eee ee eee

Seeaedien sad

eee ee

ee ee

ee a a a

“Y

 

|
§
}
4

  

525 asta

a

a

 
    

me

Sowa nner eme no aoe

ee

asrs

sicker eee

5 he A REE AL cea ae

—

ee ee
secon ne

mR SS

SUBURBAN

ATTRACTIVE COLONY =

ON THE NORTH SHORE

|
Kensington a Community of High |

Class Residences in a
Great Park. |

 

NEW JAPANESE GARDENS |

Waterfront Being Laid Out in Novel Fash- |
fon to Provide Householders With — |
Recreation and Yachting Centre.

There is probably no more elastic word
fn the real e&tate vocabulary than “de-
velopment.” ‘Che process is one which,
@s applied to the same piece of ground,
may mean a few weeks work and the ex-
‘penditure of a few hundred, perhapsa few
thousand dollars; or again it may mean
years of work and a preliminary outlay
running into hundreds of thousands.

Berides this there is a notion, more or
less widely held —it might be better to say
that thero has been euch a notion —that
real estate development is a business
requiring only « tract of land, a surveying
party and a gang of laborers, with, of
oourse, enough money to pay the bills.
This notion, however, has been to e large
extent dispelled during the last four or; More than three miles of macadam
five yeara until to-day it is pretty generally | roads and over aix miles of sidewalks
recognized that the proper development; have already been laid, and of this
of real estate is not only something which| macadam road it may be stated inci-
calls for time and money but is also a | dentally that it is constructed according
highly specialized field of activity, with | to more rigid specifications and at greater

|
|
|

  

 

OTHER IMPROVEMENTS

almoet unlimited opportunities for the

   
 
 
 
  

 

PIENSINGTON.

exercise of experience and judgment.
For anybody who may have a lingering
doubt on this topic or for anybody who is
even casually interested in the prepara-
tion of suburban real estate for the home
builders there is a liberal education ‘in
store in the shape of a visit to the newest
of the Rickert-Finlay Realty Company's
properties on the north shore of Long
Island at Kensington, Great Neck.

ON MANHASSETT BAY

To describe roughly its location Ken-
sington has its main entrance on Middle
Neck road, a few minutes walk north of the
Great Neck station, and extends easterly
about a mile to the Shore road along Man-
basset Bay. It is about 135 acres in ex-
tent and is practically the only land on
Great Neck not given to the magnificent
country estates which have long made
the locality famous. Not far from the en-
trance to Kensington on the opposite side
of Middle Neck road is the large es-
tate of W. Gould Brokaw, while near by
are the Grace, Booth, Alker and Cord
Meyer properties.

Here are a few of the things which the
Rickert-Finlay Company, with the ex-
perience covering the development of
about 1,000 acres along the North Shore,
felt it necessary to do before announcing
that Kensington was “developed.” The
coat of these items—landscaping and
street improvements—has been about
$200,000.

Of a separate sanitary sewer system,
which will be extended to all parts of the

property, 8,500 feet has already been con- |

structed. In addition to this over 9,000
feet of storm sewers have been com-
pleted.

The water mains of the Citizens Water
Company will be run to every plot, thereby
insuring to al) residents an abundant sup-
ply of pure artesian water. Fifty-three
hundred feet of six inch mains have
already been laid for house connections
and fhore than 15,009 feet of two inch
mains for sprinkling streets, hedges, &c.

—_—_—_—

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

Company Has Spent Large Sum During
the Winter On Improvements.

Fine spring weather in the early days

of the past week had a pronounced effect
on conditions at Long Beach. Visitors in
number unwonted for this time of the
year have been on the Boardwalk each
day and many coitagers, who had not
spent the winter here, were down to pre-

pare their homes for summer occupancy, |

As a direct result of this accession to the
usual number of visitors at this season
was the sale last week of three of the
higher priced houses.

Recent visitors who were at Long
Beach last year expressed surprise at the
immense progress made this winter. Par-
ticularly were they struck with the im-
provements east of the Long Beach Boule-
vard, where a new section of about a mile
has been parked and graded, and fourteen
homes constructed. These buildings are
larger than the homes bullt in the past
two years and from an artistic stand-

int merit the highest approval, West of

agnolia Boulevard similar improvements
are to be noted, so that the net impression
to those who have not visited Long Beach
since last September is one of remarkable
expansion. I) all twenty-five new homes
have been constructed by the company,
in addition to lialf a dozen, or so, houses
erected by private owners.

Counting new buildings and

parkings
and

radings, street laying and the like
the Estates of Long Beach has extended
dollars in improvements. The National
at the Beach this winter nearly a million
Boulevard, the main thoroughfare from
the railroad station to the Boardwalk, has
had flowering bushes and trves planted
nlong its entire length, Tree plant Ag has
been carried out along several contiguous
thoroughfares,

Plans for the coming season include
« “lunetta’ on the Boardwalk, between the
Hotel Nassau and the Tuller
This section will be brilliantly Hehted and
will be decorated with festoons of colored
lamps. There will be seats and small
tables on the ocean side, where coffee, clg-
arettes and cigars will be served. <A
band under the leadership of one of the
best known musicians in the country has
heen engaged for tue music park, and
f ties will be provided here for open
alr dancing. There will be also a chil-

dren's park with sliding boards, carou-
eels, see saws and otherp playground
appurtences, The National Bathing Pavil-

ion will be enlarged us to accommoda-

Long Island Rallroad will this sea-
ace arran e ites summer achedule so that
all trains from Tong Beach to New York
will be through trains,

,

Building, |

| unit cost than the New York State high-
| ways.

Hedges are measured by the mile in
Kensington—noarly eight miles of Cali-
fornia privet having already been set
out—while 20,000 evergreens and shrubs
and 3,000 shade trees have been added
to the hundreds of trees of older growth
on the property.

Seventy-two lamp posts, of a design
that would not look out of place at the
entrance to a costly mansion or publio
building, afford adequate illumination
for all the improved streets. Approxt-
mately 12,000 feet of underground electrio
conduits have already been installed and
the street lighting system will eventually
be extended throughout the property.

Perhaps one of the best illustrations
of the thoroughness with which the prop-
erty has been developed is the provision
made for carrying water mains, sewers,
electric light and telephone conduits in
a reservation running through the centre

|of each block instead of putting them in
the street.

These are a few of the things which have
placed Kensington in the front rank as
an example of high class real estate de-
| velopment, but perhaps more important
than any of them in adding to the attrao-
tions of the colony will be the conversion
of a ten acre tract at the easterly end of
the property fron.ing on Manhasset Ra
into a Japanese garden.
involves the dredging of a canal or water-
way 200 feet wide and 2,500 feet long, ex-
tending from Manhasset Bay past the
garden and of sufficient depth to accom-
modate all sorts of pleasure craft.

SOCIAL CENTRE.

No residences will be erected within
the ten acre area. There will be a casino,
restaurant, swimming pool and _ bath-
houses, tennis courts and a garage. The
casino will be placed in the hands ofa
well known New York hotel man. In win-
ter the swimming pool will be used as a
skating rink. In order to complete the
Japanese architectural scheme the brook,
which is now in Kensington proper, will
be brought under the shore road to form
a series of miniature lakes and waterfalls,
spanned by bridges of Japanese design

The architect pians to place on the lawn

|
\

 

42d STREET BUILDING LEASED.

John P, Kirwan has leased for John
Hoge to Max Henry and Albert Cohn the
four story building at 130 and 132 West
Vorty-second street, on plot 60x98.9, to-

ethey with the abutting alx story bulld-
‘ing at 135 West Borty-first street, on
} lot 26x98.9. The lease is for a term
of twenty years with two renewals, and
the aggremate rental amounts to about
$2,000,000, The premises were formerly
occupied by Lewis & Conger.

MANHATTAN TENEMENTS,
J. ©, Cocker, architect, has filed plans

for the erection of four five story tene-' Margaret A. Stevens was reported re-
| ment houses on the north side of 177th | cent y

street, 100 feet east Of St, Nicholas ave~ | weemenmennnnennn _

jnue, They will each have a frontage of ADDITION TO PRINCE GEORGE,

37.6 feet and a depth of 838 feet, and each

have accommodation — for twenty-two
familles, The McAfee Bullding Company
is the owner of record, The buildings

will cost $30,000 each,

COUNTRY LEASES,

| The Lewis HT, May Company has
|leased at Arverne, for J. KB, Summer-
field, the cottage ut 1 Gaston avenue to
Ray Kafky; for Benjamin Blum, the cot-
tage at 10 Jerome avenue to A, Lelboritz,
and at Edgemere, for M, J. Mulqueen, a
cottare on Wave Crest avenue to G. J.
Fleischmann,

 

 

 

|

REALTY MARK

 

  

  
   
 

COLONIAL
fof oO “ Ss =, INS) r

TAME CAT.

 

uses with thatched roofs, which

will used as out of door Sone rooms

and from which the Japanese lanterns

| and lights on the water can be seen to the
| best advantage.

The underlying motive in the develop-
ment of this attractive colony has been
to give it a distinctive character--to
; place at the disposal of the prospective
|suburban resident who is prepared to
|put, say, from $15,000 to $50,000 into a
|}home those surroundings and facilities
| which heretofore have been available
| only to those in a position to create their
}own country estates at an outlay tnat
} oan easily run into the hundreds of thou-
| sands.

Those same features of individuality
which are presented by the mere layout
of the property are equally noticeable
in the residences themselves. Whether

 

 

NEWARE SALES,

Feist & Feist have sold for Dr. Julius
| Raddisch, of New York, the three, three
| story apartment houses, with stores at
{115-117-119 Hartford street, being the
|northeast corner of First street, on plot
| 683x106, to Philip Ginsberg; also sold for
Wilkinson Gaddis & Co., to Herbert W.
Ross the five three story brick bulldings
at 28-20-32-24 and 34', Arlington street,
and the four story brick bullding at 40
Nicholson street. Also the vacant plot
at 19-21 Augusta street, being the north- |
‘east comer of Augusta and Nicholson |
Streets. This parcel has a frontage of
v5 feet on Arlington street, 50 feet on |
; Augusta street, and 75 feet on Nichol-
son street, with an average depth of 125

| feet. The consideration was about $%60,-
000, The purchaser proposes to erect an
eight = stor modern fireproof

cantile building, at a cost of about $156,-
006,
CONNECTICUT FARM SOLD.
Nicholas Lopard has sold for William

HM. Harden a 195 acre farm at Turner-

|
The scheme alae around the casino a number of small! of the Colonial type or following the lines

\¢, Jordan, J. Vinton

Finlay and

pwact
cluding the buying and selling of houses, |
mer- ‘lots and
| and acreage,

| years

| ville, Conn., to a client, who gave in pay- |

iment property at Hawthorne, N. Y

nal a

 

[ NECENT BUYERS.

Whitney Warren is the buyer of the
dwelling 858 Lexington avenue, sold re-
cently through Pease & Elliman,

W. F. Randolph is the buyer of the
dwelling 135 West cighty-fifth street,
sold recently by Archibald M, Stewart
through Slawson & Hobbs.

The Burnett-Welll Construction Com-
|}pany is the buyer of the lot 25x100 at
‘the northwest corner of Third avenue
land 157th street, the sale of which by

|HetIner & Wolf was reported yesterday.
| A flat will be erected on the site,

The Willlam Zinsser Realty Company
is the purchaser of the dwelling 126 West
| Fifty-elghth street, the sale of which by

Howard Greenley and Kenneth MM,
Murehison, architects, have filed plans for
the construction of an addition to the
Hotel Prince George on Kast Twenty- j
elghth atreet. It will be located on the |
south aside of Twenty-cighth street, 260:
feet east of Fifth avenue, and will have
a frontage of 59 feet and a depth of 8%.9,
feet, with a facade of brick, terra cotta |
and Iime stone in the same derign as the
main structure, and will be flreproof,
The cost has been estimated at $360,000,
The Twenty-eiahth Street Company, of
which C, F. Rogers is president, tag the
owner of record,

2. ee

“| Riker

 

of Italian villa with its formal exterior,
each house has ita unique clement of de- |
tail here or there to distineulahs it from |
its neighbors. Plotea in Kensington vary
in frontage from 100 to 300 feet, although
whatever the size the character of the
surroundings is such as to cause one to
forget imaginary lot boundaries and to
feel that he has something of a proprie-
tary interest in all that he can see.
SOME RESIDENTS

Residences already erected in Kensington
represent the investment for construction
alone of more than $300,000, and the com-
ing season will, no doubt, see this amount
largely increased. Among the residents
are EB. C. Devereux, Robert F. Hobbs,
Hiter King, Lincoln R. Hypes, Frederick |
Locke, Walter 8. |
B. Wightman, Charles F. |
J. Rickert.

j
|

Reed, See

'

UP TO DATE REALTY OFFICE.

One of the largest and most completely
equipped real estate offices In any of the
nearby suburbs has been opened by the |

 

O. I. Schwencke Land and Inve atment Co, |
in Hempstead, directly opposite the rall-
read station This company leased a

| large Colonial residence and remodelled tt

into an office building for thelr exclu- |
sive use, The handling of the holdings |

of the ©. L. Sechwencke Company in Hemp- |

tead and vietnity has
maintaining of larke
Schwencke began the
Island acreage about
and accumulated

necessitated the!
offices, Oo, Ie}
purchase of Long!
twenty years ago, |
many thousand acres |
of desirably located property tn Hemp-
stead, as well as further out on Long
Ivland, ‘Their Hempstead office will tran- |

i general real estate business, in- |

 

 

plots, large and small farms}

---——---——- |
MERCANTILE LEASES. |
Jullan Benedict has leased from Ed-!
ward Kupfer and others for eighteen |
11 West Thirty-fourth street, a}

six story bullding, on plot 25x126, with
4& rear outlet into Thirty-fifth street. The
property 1s between the McCreery and
establishments. The property has

| been held at an annual rental of $40,000.
The total amount involved is about
$700,000.

Hell & Stern have leased the third and

 

——" | built on the Jamaica Bay side of Nepon-

 

Ee:
|e

fourth floors tn the new building at the
northeast corner of Madison avenue and
Thirty-second street to J. & KF. Gold-
stone & Co,

Pease & Elliman have leased to O,
Kaufman the store and basement at 156
Chambers street, and offices in 123 Lib-
erty street to Max Huelsen, H. P. Hill
and George Gatty
Douglas L. Elliman & Co. have leased
a store at 261 Fifth avenue to Joseph
Giorno & Co,, and through Ames & Co.
the parlor floor store In 125 West Twenty-
sixth street, to L. Rappaport. '

 

ACREAGE AT THROGG'S NECK. |
Nicholas Lopard has sold for Willlam |
H. Harden a plot of nine acres at Oak-
dale, 1. I., to F, C.. Belinger, who
gave in exchange elght lots at Throge’s |
Neck.

 

 

$30,000 CLUB

The property owners of Neponsit, one!
of Long Island's residential sections, are |
watching with increasing interest the erec-
tion of their clubhouse, which

is being |
ait at a cost of $30,000, Already the butld-
ing is entirely enclosed and under roof, |
The style of architecture is old colontal,
with tall, stately columns gracing the |
main entrance. Wide covered verandas
give the bullding the remaining touch:

Pa ti
od

4 Pe
os at tegcon b
har. “
a a bi eg
oa moe? aia *,
a

Bia st 2

os

- Sg STS a

eT

STALIAN
VILLA

 

BUILDING IN LARGE AREAS.

 

Brooklyn’s Growth Going Ahead Rapidly

in Expectation of Subways.

  

 

, Part of the Old Corzine Farm Will Be Of-

, ing rooms, each with @ private bath, on

    
 

remains rather slow, the dealers, espec-
| {ally the larger companies, are preparing
for the expected rush. Many sections of
{the borough are building up on the
| strengh of that promised invasion, which
s0 say the land prophets, must {inevitably
follow the opening of the Fourth avenue
subway and the Manhattan Bridge.

This building up of undeveloped sec-
tions has been particularly noticeable
aince the beginning of the year, but there
is one choicely situated area where they

| are pulling down. This, the razing of the
‘old Manhattan Beach Hotel, is merely
‘ | preliminary to the building of bungalows
and cottages. These buildings will go
up on the land between Sheepshead Bay
on one side and the ocean on the other,
it having already been cut up into 300
| building lots by the Manhattan Beach
| Estates, the present holder.

The hotel, which is being destroyed to
make way for the bungalows, was put up
in 1877 at a cost of $250,000. The ad-
oining land has been {dle since then and
1as now become too valuable to remain
inactive. As a further improvement the
company is deepening Sheepshead Bay
channel and walling in the beach on the

‘ocean side.

This taking over the big areas of land
and mapping !{t out for particular uses is
becoming more and more the rule of the
bigger companies, and evidence of it can
; seen in any of those newer sections

where the opportunity {s offered. Along
Kings Highway, In the Bushwick fection,
and in East New York the bullding of
whole blocks of houses, mostly one and
two family, !s especially noticeable.

Big business too has shown its faith
in Brooklyn's fyture. The Bushwick Ter-
minal Company has submitted plans and
specifications for a building to cost $450,-
000, and will spend much more in develop-
ing its valuable property along the South
‘ ee | Brooklyn waterfront. Alao the New York
the shape of future transit facilities is | Dock Company is competing in this mat-
surer than that, with the electrification | ter of development, and early next month
of the Long Island's north shore division, the, fmarien ee come pany.
the district between Flushing and Port) Which employs over 2, }

Washington is going to have the fastest | b&8&ing and cordage factory ot Noble and

: . West streets, Greenpoint, will move its
service of any suburban territory. main offices from 63 Wall street to a new

For the automobilist Great Neck and | structure adjoining the factory.

Kensington are hard!y more than forty- The developments along Kin High-

five minutes from Hroadway by way ‘of | Way are due perhaps to the widening of
t h

Great Neck used to be “out on Long
Island,” but has been brought in, as ie
were, by the Pennsylvania tunnels, until
to-day it is actually closer to the heart of
Manhattan than many points reached by
subway or elevated road. Nothing in

: are 0
the Queensboro Pridge and the fine high~ | re. ent Parkway and, Flatbush
ways of the north shore, while during the | avenue, Another section that {s growing

summer months the line of steamboats | apace is that which {s crowded {nto the
stopping at East Thirty-fourth and Wall) angle of Bedford avenue and the astern
streets provide the residenta of this seni Parsway by vretoueh be one an th
with what is perhaps the pleasantest o ork, Apartmen s

sir vari , ; ’ bloc, and some of the detached residences
their various ways of coming to town. in the streets that front on the parkway
are quite handsome, and as exclusively
| aituated, almost, as though they were in
a private park.

| ADAMS PROPERTY AT AUCTION.

 

 

 

Newark Builder Already Successful in |
His Operation. i 1 to Be Sold
A ten story loft building, the firet ag | Soremes “ —— st aS :S0 Re
its kind in Newark, is being built at | in Partition.

‘ holdings of the late George
Plane and Academy streets in that city) The realty
by Robert RB. Stoutenburgh, a real estate | W. Adams will be offered in partition by

 

While the realty market in Brooklyn |

 

 

{
|

TES |

HELPING 10 BUILD
CITY'S INDUSTRIES

Merchants Association Finds Other
Cities Raiding New York
for Factories.

 

 

 

FINE OPPORTUNITIES HERE

 

 

New Bureaus Will Tell Manufacturers
(| Over All the Country the Advan-
tages of Locating Right Here.

 

New York city is the greatest manu-
facturing centre in the country. It con-
tains 25,038 manufacturing establish
ments with a capital of $1,364,853,000.
These establishments use annually in
their various manufactures materials
| which cost $1,002,155,000. The value of
| their finished product is $2,020,603,000.
|The average number of wage earners
| that they employ is 664,002, not counting
| officials and other employees. These
are the figures for the year 1909, and
therefore at present they are subject
| to material increase.

The exports from the port of New York
in 1010 reached a total of $794,635,764,
and of these the domestio exports
amounted to $686,789,717. A large portion
of the goods manufactured tn this city

| were consumed by the city iteelf with its

 

population of 4,983,385.
ACREAGE POPULATION,

Notwithstanding these facts and the
enormous totals of production the popu-
lation in the Borough of Manhattan is
185 on each acre, in Brooklyn it is only
42 on each acre, in The Bronx each acre
contains only 16 inhabitants, Queens
has only 3% persons for each acre of its
area and Richmond only 2.3. It appears,
therefore, that’ deepite the tremendous
aggregate of its manufactures and of its
population there is plenty of room within
the limits of the city for further growth
in both respects.

These facts and many others of a similar

| character have been considered by the

Merchants Association of New York
1 Practically every other State in the coun-
try, large and small, has a commercial
organization composed of business and
| Professional men who are devoting them-
|selves to the development of its indus-
|tries and to attracting new industries
| New York city has no organization of this
kind

Because of the lack of unity in organiz.:-
ition other cities compactly organized are
| constantly raiding New York. They come

with attractive offers to manufacturers,
promising them free building sites, ex-
emption from taxation, low freight rates,
good housing conditions for their work-
men and other similar advantages if
| they will consent to move. their plants.
Committees of leading citizens are sent
here at the expense of commercial or-
| Ranizations to offer tempting baits to
j industrial establishments which may pox-
| sibly be induced to move. Sometimes they
| Succeed,

 

OFFER USB OP MONEY.

The Boston Chamber of Commerce has
gone so far as to establish a development
company with a large capital to buy stock
in new concerns which the Chamber of
Commerce, after investigation, would
lik# to attract to Boston. In this manne:
working capital is provided.

Notwithstanding these facta the nat-
ural advantages which New York city
enjoys have hitherto been sufficieht to
maintain its industry. No other city
offers so large a consuming population
at the door of the factory; no other oan
give such facilities for foreign commerag
or such direct communication with ocoast-
wise points and with the interior of the
country both by water and by rail. These
advantages, it is true, have been nullified
to a certain extent by discriminations
againet the city which other cities have

erator. The building is designed for | Joseph P. Day in the Vesey street sales- {induced the railroads and steamship
light manufacturing * urposes It is oORRE On SE ee lvegd are as fol- | lines to establish. The are also counter-
being constructed of reenforced concrete |jows: 185 Orchard street. a five story | balanced to a certain by the com-

and brick on a plot of ground 109 feet | putiding with stores, on lot ’25,6x87.10 ; 10
long by 105 feet deep and is strictly fire-| and 12 Willett street, two five story tene-
proof. | ments, on plot 51.3x100; 332 to 860 East

The building will be equipped with | oF uty toutTe attest, two Ge tires sity
automatic sprinklers, three freight an ¢ rellings, . oh,
two passengers elevators and with elec- Other Fast Side properties to be of

ss fered are: 3854 and 366 East Eighth
tric light and power. Seven of the floors | street, adjoining the southeast corner of

and part of the basement have already | Avenue C, two four story ‘tenements, on

been leased for terms of years. The | plot 87x$7.6; 309 East Twenty-third

cost of the building is estimated at $170,000. street, a four story tenement, on lot 26x
| 90.9;

1 Second avenue, near Fifth street,

a three and a half story building, on lot
| 20x80, and 861 East Eighty-fourth street,
e three, story dwelling, on lot 20x102.2.

P. 8. COMMISSION TO SELL.

Joseph P. Day wil offer at public auc-
tion on Thursday, March 28, In the Vesey
street salesroom, !n accordance with in-
structiona from_the Public Service Com-
mission of the First district, the northeast
corner of Broome street and Cleveland
place. The area of the plot is approxi-
mately 12,618 square feet, and was ac-
quired for the construction of the Centre
street subway loop by the Public Service
Commission,

TO SELL CHANLER ESTATE.

fered at Auction.

Joseph P. Day has been instructed to
sell the undivided portion of the old Co-
zine farm at public auction on Thuraday,
April 11, in the Vesey street salesroom.

The offering involves seventeen lots on
Eleventh avenue and Thirty-sixth street,
one plot forming the southwest corner,
measuring 150 feet on the avenue and ex-
tending 275 feet slong Thirty-sixth street.
The other includes the northwest corner,
with a frontage on the avenue of 44.9 feet
and 300 feet on the street, This property
was purchased at auction In 1838 by John
Jacob Astor. :

SALES IN NEW JERSEY.

W. J. Rich DevelopmentCompany sold
a plot of four lots to Thomas Ground-
water of Brooklyn, on south side of Large
_ — ——- avenue, Hillsdale, who will erect an all
DWELLINGS LEASED. |; year residence; to George A. Belinge, a

H. C, Sentor & Co, have leased for seven room cottage, on the south side of
Lucile Dryfous the dwelling at_136 West | Large avenue; to H. Kantor a plot of four
Kighty-seventh street to Dr, Eugene H., | lots, corner Cross and Magnolia avenues,
Porter, and for Henry L. Scheuerman the | for immediate improvement, and to M.
three story dwelling at 31 West Sixtleth | Miller, a house on Conklin avenue for
street to Julia Fitzgerald. occupancy.

 

HOUSE AT NEPONSIT. L. I.

necessary to make {ts appearance most at- | are being laid out, while to the west is a
tractive and inviting. boat landing for the convenience of the
The Neponsit Club will be a two story | members who wish to enjoy rowing, satl-
structure, with reception room, Mbrary, |ing or motor boating on Jamaica Bay.
dining room, billiard room and cloak | Perhaps the most interesting feature of
rooms on the first floor, and fourteen sleep- | the Neponsit Club {s the plan under which
wi it will be conducted. It is intended that

the second floor, The kitchen and private | the club shall be under the management
lockers for the members are in the base- | of the Property Owners Association and
ment, The interior will be furnished in | the membership to be confined exclusively
hardwood, |to the residents and property owners of

 

In the east of the bullding tennis courts | Neposit.

  
  
 
 
 

| paratively high cost of i this city
; and the difficulty of finding living rooms
near the factories.

Much of the area of the boroughs of
Queens, pee as une Breas till
‘arm land. cay eo prove cheap
and comfortable homes for millisns of
population. With e lishment
of traffic and transit lines it affords idea!
locations for industrial establishments,
but even in Manhattan, a! for the

most part densely populated, the localities
are subject to sudden mi, jons of busi-
ness, disturbing real estate values and up-

“ak Celetien a sew tht. pam

ch a on is now

from the downtown wholesale district.
These are not matters that can properly

be guided or controlled by ‘pute officials;

they must be taken in ge by the
business interests if anything effective is
to be accomplished. izing this fact the

Merchants Association a year + deter-
mined to extend and increase its activi-
ties. Th tion was and is in a pros-
rous condition, with an ample income
or the work that it was doing and with
a membership of some 1,400 cor tions,
firms and individuals, includin, the largest
interests of the kind in the city.

IN OTHER CITIES.

Having decided what it intended to do
the association sent a committee of three,
in charge of its secretary, S. ©. Mead,
to visit other cities where active commer-
cial organizations are at work, study
their methods and bring back suggestions
adapted to the needs of New York city
Several months were devoted to this work
and reports were made to the Merchants
Association, upon the Boston Chamber
of Commerce, the Buffalo Chamber of
Commerce and Manufacturers Club, the
Cleveland Chamber of Commerce, the
Detroit Board of Commerce and the
Chicago Association of Commerce.

_ There has been a marked development
in the activity of such organi: ations
throughout the country, and especially
in the Kast, during the od decade, New
organivations have been formed, inactive
orgenizations have been revived and sepa-
rate organizations have been welded to-
pether Into a united body, The result has
wen that practically every city of any
sive east of the Mississippi Kiver has a
commercial body, working with energy
and enthusiasm and representing the
entire city,

After considering the reports made
upon what other cities were doing the
Merchants Association decided first to
endeavor to make itself representatise
of the ontire city. Through an industria!
bureau, soon to be catablished, an im-
portant and beneficial effect is expected
upon the development of industry in the
city, the settlement of unoccupied terri-
tory and the promotion of manufacturing
interests. The bureau is to be in cherse
of an experienced man, who will plan its
work along lines to be approved by the
yboard of directors of the association
|He will undertake an industrial survey cf
the city froin which complete data will li
obtained showing what the city has to
seer to manfecturets and necting forth

reason ve induced so man
industrial establishments to come °