% aa ~ thee aed

oe

ed

i as ae age a -*
ener ts S

aa

ee

a ee:

Be

SAYS THAT ROOSEVELT
BETRANED LA FOLLETT

   

Senator’s Manager Replies to Card-| to. oe and to the people who have

ner’s Defence of the
Colonel.

RECALLS PLEDGES OF

Houser Asserts Writer Himself Bore
Promises From Oyster
Bay.

Wasminaton, March 23.--Walier L.
Houser, La Follette’s manager, made
public to-day the grounds on which he
charges Col. Roosevelt wih having
broken faith with the Wisconsin Senator.
Houser has made these charges on the
stump and a few days ago they drew from
Gilson Gardner, a Washington newspaper
man, a statement of the message he is
supposed to have conveyed from Roose-
velt to La Follette. Houser’s new dis-
olosures are contained in a reply to the
Gardner letter .

Houser charges that Roosevelt en-
couraged La Follette to become a candi-
date and promised to do what he could
to help him through the columns of the
Outlook. The inference is plainly con-
veyed in the letter that Roosevelt used
La Follette against Taft and then threw
him over when the La Follette movement,
as Houser says, had begun to assume
formidable proportions. Here is the
letter: ’

The message vou say you brought from
Col, Roosevelt to Senator La Follette can
be construed in no other way than an in-
ducement to Senator La Follette to become
& cendidate. You say: “Me (Roosevelt)
said he would in the columns of the Outlook
or otherwise do what he could to direct
attention to the work accomplished by
Senator La Follette in Wisconsin.”

If he had said no more that would justify
what I have said, viz., that the message
brought by you to La Follette from Roose-
velt encouraged La Follette to become a
candidate.

But you said more than this. You said
that Roosevelt declared “that he could
not be a candidate, that his place in history
was made, that he could not afford to take
a defeat and that whoever made the fight,
was certain to be defeated for nomination
and for election if nominated; that this
was a Democratic year, that La Follette
would not be injured by a defeat: that
there should be a candidate representing
the progressive movement, that La Follette
was the logical man and that if he decided

 

; record that

|
!

 

panic of 1907 for that purpose in addition
to some others.

You and I cannot materially disagree
on facts connected with this remarkable
campaign. They are history. History will
Roosevelt, not La Follette,
has divided the progressive movement;
that La Follette has kept the promises
to those who induoed him to become a

trusted bim: that he has not swerved or

| wabbled, but has kept a straight course.

the people will judge in the light of the
facts whether or not Col. Roosevelt has
kept true faith with La Follette or is doing

ATD | so with the real progressives of the country.

In view of the publication of your letter,

; Which is being circulated ag a campaign

|
|
|
|

EE TS

document, T am giving this to the press
before you receive it. Sincerely yours,
Watier L, Houser,

HITCHCOCK REPLIES TO BRYAN.

 

Says He Is Attempting to Destroy the
New Nebraska Primary Law.

WASHINGTON, March 23.—In a statement
issued to-day Senator G. M. Hitchcock of
Nebraska replied to W. J. Bryan's criticism
of him for supporting Gov. Harmon.

“I regard Mr. Bryan's statement,” said
Senator Hitchcock, “as an attempt to
repudiate the new Nebraska direct pri-
mary election law. That law provides
that the Democrats of the State shall
elect four delegates at large and instruct
them whom to vote for as candidate for
President. I expect to @bide by that law.

“If Champ Clark hgs the mo&t votes

I shall vote for him and support. him |
If Gov. Wilson |

vigorously to the end.
has the most votes in the Nebraska pri-
maries I shall vote for him and support
him to the end. If Gov. Harmon has the
most votes in the primary I shall vote for
him and support him to the end.

“That is the letter and the spirit of the
law. It means the rule of the people.
It permits voters to instruct their repre-
sentatives in the convention. Mr. Bryan's
statement is a defiance of law. He an-
nounces that under no circumstances will
he support Gov. Harmon, even if he re-
ceives the largest vote in the Democratic
primary. He even threatens that he will
not go to the convention as a delegate if
Harmon carries the primaries, but will
then resign and go as a private citizen to
attempt to defeat Harmon's nomination.

“I regard this as dictation. It is an
attempt to overthrow the primary law
for which Mr. Bryan and I both worked.
It is an attempt 4 threat to restore the
old doctrine of the party boss. I am
frank to tell the voters my personal pref-
erence is Gov. Harmon, but if elected as
a delegate I shall conscientiously and
heartily support the man the Democrats
of Nebraska prefer.

“The assertion made by Mr. Bryan that
Harmon has the support of Wall Street
is utterly without proof or foundation so
far as I know. Whenever Mr.
opposed to a man_he first assumes and
then asserts that Wall Street is for that
man. Certainly Wall Street has no reason

 

Bryan is|

[[ 100 Extra Sales-
One-half of

people.

the third floor. Quick
service. If you
can’t come Mon-
day, come
Tuesday.

There will

be ample
choicefor
every-
‘||body,.

 

 
     
 
 
 
  
 

 
   
   
    

 
 
   
  
  

Pa A
ye ore

TREES
ie «2

|

  
        
     
           

a

 

SHOES for MEN.

  
   
   

|

Every pair NEW and
PERFECT. Made for
EASTER WEAR

 

 

Guaranteed val-
ues, $3.00, $4.00
and $5.00. Every
style, every leath-
er, every weight,
every size.

  

 

  

‘THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 2,

an eats ee ens ao = ease reece

PHONE SSOO CHELSE

ESNER'S

- —=—=—=—=— EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED = i
MADE BY TWELVE GREAT FACTORIES WHICH BUILD AND GUARANTE

ROYAL & BLUE SHOES

Remember You Buy Them at Our Risk
Women’s Shoes

$|90

. Women’s

 

 

 

1912.

 

 

eee,

—————————————_

Although the NEW
STORE constantly
strives to outdo every-
thing heard of in
value giving, we
cannot hope to
again give
such Shoe
Bargains
for some
time to
come.

SIXTH AVE-> 22"¢and 23°Sts

  

i at 5 oe

WOMEN and CHILDREN

60ce. on every
DOLLAR you SPEND

Third Floor.

    

    
   

Men's Shoes

Guaranteed values $4.00,

$5.00 and $6.00. Every
style, every leather, every
weight, every size.........

Children’

 

s Shoes

Guaranteed values,

 

and

$1.75 to $2.50. Every

to make the fight he should announce his| to be for Harmon. As Governor of Ohio
eandidacy at once.” Harmon has shifted $3,000,000 of taxes a

P UM PS Oxfords

   

i will have in- . — | Redd anid that he had sought the removal
. 4 0 | at . ‘he Wall Street edition of ‘Tae Ey sun | Of election inspectors because th ligned
fluence in his administration They didt 1 HE EVENING SUN peotars au hey wll yne TON D i |
have before. Witness the consolidation | coun all the Dnancial news and the stock and | themselves on the side of Col, Roosevelt, Boston, March 38.—Ow ing to the numer- |
: Uf the Tennessee Cou) and Tron Cou bond quotations to the close of the market, The He explained that owing to the shifting | U8 requests which Mrs, Gardoer has re-
' ‘ ipany 7 : ° ; ; ; ived to see her old masters and art treas-
With the steel trust with President Roose. | {loMne quotations, Including the "bid and asked® | Of the vote in this county, caused mainly | © r 8
i velt's approval, one of the rich plums picked prices, with additional news matter, are contained | bY Persons moving out of, the county to | ures she hag consented to open Fenway | N

 

=~

a aS oe

This, in addition to what you adit

vear off the people onto the railroads,

you stated, is substantially what you] which are largely owned by Wall Street

etated ta me and ta others T hawe etated
no more in my interviews or speeches. You
and J] have reviewed this message at differ-
ent times and there was never any misunder-
standing of its intent or meaning.

That Roosevelt encouraged La Follette
to become a candidate you cannot deny
that he promised to do what he could to
help him by directing attention in the
columns of the Outlook or otherwise to the
work accomplished by Senator La Follette
in Wisconsin is admitted by yourself and
Mr. Pinchot. Can you say that such prom-
ise would be no encouragement to a man
who was being urged to lead a fight? It
would speak little for the influence of Col
Roosevelt if his promise to help could not
be regarded as encouragement

But aside from this contention over the
particular form of the message from Roose-
velt to La Follette there is much else con-
cerning the campaigns with which you are
familiar that it may not be amiss to call
to your attention and to the aitention of
thecountry, There can be no disagreement
between us as to the belief upon the part
of Col. Rovusevelt and that group of men
who urged Senator La Follette to become
a candidate for Presiden! that at that time
there was little if any hope of success so

|

intereata

BRYAN BACK AT HITCHCOCK.

Willing to Let Nebraska Democrats De-

cide as to Harmon.

Lincoun, Neb., March 23.—Mr. Bryan
hotly attacks Senator Hitchcock in a
Commoner editorial released to-night for
publication, |

Mr. Hitchcock is for Harmon for Presi-
dent and Mr.@Bryan against him. Mr.
Bryan said that if the Ohio Governor
receives a plurality in the preferential |
vote he will
Nebraska if elected.

Mr. Hitchcock retorted that

structions of the voters he ought not to
be a candidate for delegate.

In reply Mr. Bryan says no Democrat
ought to attempt to speak for the Democ
racy of Nebraska unless he is willing to
keep the spirit as well as the letter of the
law. If Mr. Harmon receives the plurality
in Nebraska he is entitled to have dele-

resign as delegate from a

 

if Mr. |
Bryan is not willing to abide by the in- |

ROOSEVELT CRAZE

Appeal to Republicans—Bannard
Fears a Roosevelt

 

     
 
 
  
   
 

 

a)
\

A large as-
cortment in
new styles

“ at

a {

{444 l |
oP SS

f a)

EP TP IEe Tt toe

districts less than last year. This meant}GOV. WILSON

that nearly 300 election inspectors would
have to be dropped, he said.

“It was merely a routine matter,”
Mr. Koenig in explaining the reason for
the removal of men who have been
dropped. The election district captains
sent in their revised lista and in the or-
dary course I asked the Board of Elec-
tions to remove the men whose names
were not on those lists. In doing so I
didn't attempt to find out whether they

rates se vho can suppo i : were Taft or Roosevelt men. I simply
far as the nomination was concerned. Ii uae oa will os wis auhaaemn Bolt. forwarded to the Board of Elections the
was generally agreed that the most that Mr. Bryan says that he cannot support lists that were sent tome from the elec- |
could be accomplished would be to make|Harmon in the convention on any con- % : Ee las tion district headquarters.” |
the progressive movement national in its} ditions or under any circimstances, and PREDICTION BY KOENIG. Mr. Koenig said also that he thought |

acope and to put it forward,

But the unexpected happened. As a
result of energetic work the progressive
®entiment in the country was aroused and
the movement and the candidacy of Senator
La Follette developed surprising strength.
Your own letters, written from different
parte of the country to the press, indicated
that the campaign was making moat grati-
fying progress

The Chicago conference made plain there

that he would forfeit the confidence and
respect of his friends if, believing Harmon
the choice of the predatory interests, he
would surrender his conviction merely
for the honor of being a delegate.

Mr. Bryan declares that Hitchcock, on
the contrary, has “so little interest in the
Democracy of Nebraska and such a con-
tempt for its wishes that in order to secure
the distinction of being a delegate he is
willing to betray them into the hands of
their enemies.” |

 

Small Vote for T. R. at Local Primaries
~—No Election Inspectors
Disciplined.

That the doctrines of Col Roosevelt |
are not those of the Republican party
is set forth in an appeal issued yesterday |

the regular organization had conducted |
a dignified campaign, whereas much mis-
representation had come from the irre-
sponsible Roosevelt headquarters. But

would benefit much by the misrepre-
sentation. He expected, he said, that
there would be a Republican vote on
primary day of between 40,000 and 50,000

From the estimates which have been
brought to me,” he said, “I believe that
the Roosevelt delegates will not 1

was a mighty movement under way. Fol- He adds that Hitchcock is taking this : h . 'Y | 10,000 votes in the county and that
lowing this the campaign in Ohio threw! position because of personal bias and feel- | to the enrolled voters of the party in this probably they will not have a total vote
consternation into the ranks of the repre-| ing and says he is willing to let the State |county to vote for the regular ticket equal to the 8,000 names attached to their

sentatives of big business. You kfhow that
it was generally conceded that La Follette
would carry Ohio against Taft. You are

decide between them on the issue.
The wrangle which his arisen between
Bryan and Hitchcock has not put Bryan

at the primaries on ‘Tuesday. The appeal
is signed by Benjamin F. Tracy, Nicholas
Murray Butler, Isaac N, Selighan, Otto |

petitions. in many of the district fights
athered by the Colonel's emblem we
know from the reports that have reached

 

all of the four

a

 

a

awe

 
 

IN

 

said Tells Meeting of Poles of His Views State.

on Forcigners. First to-night he went into the heart | eon of
Mitwavker, Wis., March 22.—A rapid
' tour of Wisconsin by Gov. Wilson to-day
brought out big crowds to hear him at
formal meetings which

he addressed and he was force

; ; in a very good light before those who} po \ us that there wili be practically no con-
wa eware oo. paces pursued in that) oo familiar with the origin of the cone T. Bannard, James Talcott, Louis Stern,! test on national delegates, because the rt)
tate to stop La Follette troversy Chauncey M. Depew, Marcus M. Marks, | contestants for district leaderships have \
You are familiar with the frequent con- Hitcheook, who is a candidate for Julien T. Davies James R. Sheffield, *8cvificed all efforts on the Colonel's be-
ferences in New York about that time delegate at large to the Democratic con- ‘ : : half to promote their own welfare and
hetween Col. Roosevelt, Dan R. Hanna, cantinn has announced that while he is Leopold Stern, John Henry Hammond | have been privately telling their sup-
director of the steel trust, his faithtul [for Harmon he will abide by the prefer- and Charles LL. Bernheimer It 4YS porters not to wok for the Roosevelt
lieutenants, Nat. Wright. editorof Hanna's] ential vote of the State. Bryan, who is that in this primary election there is “an delegates, but to concentrate their efforts
Cleveland Leader, and Walter F. Brown, | also a candidate, insists that he will only issue of the greatest seriousness,” that | On the district leadership fight. This
chairman of the Ohio State central com- | abide by the preferential vote provided Mr, Roosevelt has assaulted the very form, W488 D0 surprise to us, for the reason that ‘
mittee, as clever and cratty a machine | that vote is against Harmon, the district ledder contestants who were

politician as can be found in this country.
You know that a campaign*®was organized

The Nebraska primary law was en-
acted chiefly through Bryan's influence

of government which was established
by the Constitution and which has been

{
|
| he didn’t think the Roosevelt campaign

supposed to be promoting the Colonel's
candidacy along with their own are almost

 

Fs
Rl

a

every
leather,
every
weight,
every
size.

= Joo

 
  

 

WISCONSIN.

five minute car platform 56
people who gathered to see
train returned to. Milwaukee from up-

en to
im as his | another crowd met at a downtown o
t o

s F ‘ the Travellin
of the Polish district, tospeak on immi- {tion where he spoke

to make | waukee.

While this meeting was in progress,

| tre, and after he had spoken at the
atre, he was taken to a midnight lunch-

Mens’ A ssocia-

| t sriefly, telling of
gration and to set himself right in the| his helief that business should be regu-

eyes of the foreigners who have held! lated, but business conditions not upset
mass meetings to protest against his|by straightening out the kinks which
reported remarks on foreigners in Mil-| lack of Government control had allowed
| to develop in modern commercial! methods.

 

 

in Ohio under the direction of Brown for | 404 Nebraska Democrats believe he the organic law of the United States Without exception men who have been
Roosevelt for President: that headquarters should abide by the popular vote, in’ since its creation, It adds: attempting year after year to get ee |
d and active kd hich | accordance with the primary law, rather “The Republican party has from its district leaderships. They have been
werg opened an | ac ve Work done, Which | than insist that he will bolt the primary birt! eee) eaaiets oe eae, regularly turned down before by the peo .
split the progressive strength in that State | if any other than his own choice should | Ditth successfully resisted every craze ple of the districts, but the prospect of
and added to one wing of it the support and | receive the preferential vote, which has been apparently popular and having the Roosevelt movement finance
sympathy of oe who are well =o i to its courage at such crises is due the another attempt was too much of a temp-
representatives of “the interests.” You continued existence and prosperity of the | tation to resist.”
know that Frank A. Munsey, proprietor of |“DYNAMITE ED” WITH T. R. | nation.” ' | to information coming to 9

Munsey's Magazine, also a Steel magnate,
became very active through his news-
paperé and otherwise in an effort to force
Roosevelt's candidacy

You know that George W. Perkins, also
high in Steel, and head of the harvester
trust, declared abdut that time that he was
for Roosevelt “because he and Roosevelt
looked at public questions alike.” You
know that Ormsby McHarg, representing
somebody, gumshoed the South, Southwest
and other parts of the country in Roose-
velt’s interest—all this before Roosevelt
openly became a candidate-and in the
Meantime encouraging Senator La Follette

 

Oklahoma Boomer, Fresh From Victory,
Comes to Join Colonel,

WASHINGTON, March 23.—A

went through Roosevelt headquarters

to-day when the Oklahoma manager of | viples.”

Col. Roosevelt's campaign, “Dynamite |
Ed” Perry of Colgate, appeared, fresh |
from his victory in that State.

“Dynamite Ed” seized the colors as
they fell from the hands of Jack
Abernathy, the man who catches wolves

thrill | party.

;on the action of the club in
| President Taft, said that the club would |
| Start a vigorous campaign aginst Col.
| Roosevelt for the purpose of showing to

|

| Another paragraph reads: “President |
| Taft is in accord with the history, prin-
‘ciples and purposes of the Republican
The doctrine advocated by Mr.
Roosevelt is in violation of these prin-

Otto T. Bannard, president of the
Republican Club, commenting yesterday
indorsing

According
the Republican State committee head-
quarters, there will be very few contests
up State by the Roosevelt people at the
primaries next Tuesday.

Secretary Glea-
| son said yesterday that the only ee a

velt contestants for delegates to the na-
tional convention were in the Twenty-
sixth and Thirty-third Congress districts.
There will be contesting tickets for State
committeemen in the Twenty-fourth,
Twenty-sixth and Thirtieth districts.
Mr. Gleason said that in all these districts
the regular organization was so strong
that he was confident that there was no
possibility of the defeat of its nominees.

“Every letter written in a business
house costs somewhere between
twenty and fifty cents. The stamp
is the smallest item. Stationery,
stenographer’s time, filing copies,
principal’s time—all bring the actual

alive with his hands and is admired by | the country the unsoundnese of the prin-| The Roosevelt city committer has :
to keep up the fight through messages sent | (ol, Roosevelt, Abernathy fell early ciples advocated by Mr, Roosevelt,| ®Pblied to Police Commissioner Waldo cost of a letter higher than most
to him, yourself the bearer of some of them. 11, the action In Oklahoma. He was | Speaking generally on the situation, Mr.

You know that no one raised the question
of Senator La Follette’s availability as a
eandidate until he had developed strength
that made his nomination probable, Then
“big business,” represented by Hanna,
Munsey, Perkins and others of higher and
lesser note who have always opposed
La Follette, entered the contest and intro-
duced. Col. Roosevel!: as a candidate, and
are still actively supporting him. He has
accepted their support by putting in charge
as one of the active managers of his cam-
paign Walter F. Brown, a clever fellow,
but both in his inclination and activities
a well known representative of the kind of
poiltics that progressives are fighting and
a recognized representative of the “inter-
ests,”

ff Col, Roosevelt's recent declarations

routed in the first district convention |
in the State when he tried to stampede
the convention by having one of the
Abernathy kids ride down the alsle of
the convention hall waving a Roosevelt
streamer, The horse and the kid were
led out of the convention hall and the
delegates proceeded to instruct for
Taft,

Jack Abernathy disappeared from the
stage of political action but Dynamite
Ed came to the front and has had his
own way in Oklahoma since. Col.
Roosevelt is so happy over the outcome |
in Oklahoma that he has invited Dyna-
mite Ed to join him in New York on

Bannard said:

“In my judgment, President Taft will
be nominated on the first ballot, but I
fear that Col. Roosevelt in his chagrin
may pick up three or four States and bolt
the party. That is where the danger lies, |
for were he to do so it would affect the |
prospect of the success of the Republican |
ticket.”

At the same time Mr.

 

Bannard said |

| that he thought the Roosevelt sentiment |

was rapidly dying out and that by the time

| the convention comes around Mr. Roose- |

velt will have been lost sight of. “Col. |
Roosevelt was and is a strong man,” Mr.
Bannard said, “but he ‘is killing himself. |

at the polls on Tuesday.

 

REVOLT IN WILSON'S DISTRICT.

Labor Man Wants to Go to Baltimore as
a Champ Clark Delegate.

TRENTON, N. J., March 23,—The first
indication of open opposition to Gov. Wil-
son in his home district came to-day when
James J. Quigley of this city announced
himself as a candidate for national dele-
gate in favor of Champ Clark. Mr, Quig-
ley has been conspicuous in labor circles.
He served for three terms as president of
the Bricklayers and Plasterers Union of
New Jersey, which is affiliated with forty-
one unions haying a membership of 8,000

ee

people imagine.” Jas. H. Collins.

It is More Economical to Telephone

Not only does it actually cost less to tele-
phone your message but you reach your
man instantly, talk over your business
personally, and get an immediate reply,

Every Bell Telephone is a Long Distance Telephone

and a Telegraph Station, Too.

: i: ; nse Juigley'’s déter mn tor r Clay
acetate Tanene fealaratt Monday and accompany him on_ his | rt here are (ree things that are killing usd le clans th bane Wine oe Clare

a ut their estern trip. tim, his Columbus speech, his re ia- | chose , yernor’ ot | :
full face value you know I f is repudia-| chosen from the Governor's own district

redemption of

Dynamite Ed predicted to-day that

 

tion of his third term declaration and the

|
to furnish it with extra police protection
|
'
!
|

without opposition. This had been urged
his pledges would be impossible if he| President Taft will not allow his name | methods he is using in endeavoring to|@3 an act of courtesy to the Governor
depended upon Brown, Hanna, Munsey,| to go before the convention, as he would | bring about his nomination.” even by Democratle leaders who were not
Perkins aud others of their kind for assist- | soon find the tide running so strongly | President Koenig of the Republican aMiiated with the Wilson wing of the

ance. And if he is made President this
year it will be because of their support
Tt is inevitable that they

by the Qaascial pirates who threw

the

a

against him that he would consider it
advisable to get out of the race,

county committe said yesterday that it was
not true, as the Roosevelt campatgners

also tn the night and fnal editions of Tue Evening | Other parts of the city, vhere were this

SUN. Ade,

year between eighty ang ninety election

party.

 

Mrs. Gardner to Open Her House.

Court on April 3. B. 4. f and 9 sake pours |
are from 12 to Oo cloc and Ke
limited to 200 daily. “|