Sead

Tate sy

x

Caatorente a Sane

—— .
5S Ao RR Se gee:

a eae
wi Fa

Hl

Qa

&)

"

eawrawrwrrnoanrteon BacstasaPaevu=

~--2e 6s fee newre ea ees tet arora

  
  

 

—————

 

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

nn a

 

 

 

MARCH 24, 1912.

 

en en

 

 

FRANCIS GRIERSON--MUSICIAN, MYSTIC AND AUTHOR

 

American Who Went From the Prairies
of Illinois to Conquer Musical
and Literary Paris.

BY SAMUEL FP. ORTH 1 gifted ones, to hear a novice, who not
Word has just come from Paris that | only had never studied in Europe but
M. Bazalgette, the translator of Walt | could not even read music. Heimprovised.
Whitman, has translated the principal Hié musio was his own. His technique
work of another American author, Francis | Was his own. He was unique.
Grierson’s great Lincoln book, “The Val-| “But,” they laughed, “ho is brave to
ley of Shadows,” and from Russia comes face us, the most refined and capable
the news of a contemplated Russian | 4nd heartless oritics in the world. We
edition of the same remarkable bool: | will teach him the leason of his life.”
To the ordinary reader this places Fran-| ‘The youth from Illinois dispelled the
eis Grierson’s name among the distin- | firet flush of their raillery by his appear-
guiehed ones of our literature, But to! 4nce. He was over six feet tall, as straight
the initiated hie power has long been, an Ottawa chief; his face suggested
known, and it is a pleasure to record that Byron, Shelley, Schiller, the composite

!

the delicacy of French taste and the keen
discernment of the Russian literary group
have set the seal of approval upon this
American genius. j

But how many Americans know of
Francis Grierson? And how many have
read his trenchant and illuminating es- |
eaye? And how many ere familiar with
the singular beauty of “The Valley of
Shadows,” the Lincoln book that will sur-
vive when scores of others are forgotten? |
Recause it is not only art, but it is a revel-
ation, the revelation of a time of an epoch
whose origin was spirited a time which
could be interpreted only by a mystic
whose soul understood Lincoln, heceuse
it underetood the unseen forces that
produced him.

Grierson is without doubt one of the
strangest personalities our life has pro-
duced with strenge gifts and great pow-
ers, His quiet, unobtrusive life in London,
his reticence and dislike for the public
gaze have kept him from view.

In my recent sojourn in England seek-
ing for the forces that were bringing
about great changes in that island em-
pire, the paths of idealism and mystic
optimism all led to the doors of Francis
Grierson's simple home. I learned to
know him well, and in many visita and !
strolls in Richmond Park he unfoided |
to me some of the strange events of his|
long life. There is something mysterious |
about the fact that in my search for the
forces that are shaping public events in |
Fngland J should be led to the threshold

, explain

of all the poets; his manners were those
which only consciousness of superior
endowment and perfect freedom of ac-
tion can give. 5

And his music; never before had auch
phenomenal concords been heard. After
the second number Samuel David noticed
that the young man's hand was enormous.
It reached an octave and a half. He
noticed also that the arm was unusually
long, the fingers as supple us a willow witho,
the muscles as powerful as a emith's
and the control perfect. No one could
this spontaneous music. And
for over forty yeara no one has yet been
able to explain the music of Francis
Grierson

Vor it was none other than the dis-
tinguished essayist and philosopher. He
began his remarkable career as a musical
prodigy. He captured this his first salon
audience completely. The variety, the
beauty, the psychic quality of his improvi-
setions, their spontaneity and accuracy
became the talk of the town.

Alexandre Dumas, the author of “Monte
Christo,” Pierre Loti the poet, Auber,
the oldest and most distinguished of French
musicians and director of the Conserva- |
toire, who at the age of 80 was the young-
est man in Paris; Sully Prudhomme, the
profoundest scholar of his day; these and
imuny other distinguished scholars, artiste
and musicians were captivated by the
mystical potencies of his music. Sully
Prudhomme exclaimed on firat hearing

him play: “You have placed me on the |

of an American idealist whose silent |
threshold of another world.”

influence upon the hearts of poets, phi- | :
losophers and statesmen of his day and | Ut is a year or two later. The young
the days to follow is potent. Let me re-/ American is in St. Petersburg. His faine
count some of the experiences of this|@8 preceded him, for all distinguished
unusual man. Russians came to Paris in those days
hacen , Mfter a few select concerts, always given

1, ,in the salons of the influential and the

The scene is the salon of Mme. de @PPprecistive, he received the unusual
V.in the most fashionable part of the | ‘lisiinction of an invitation to play at
aristocratic boulevard St. Germain, Paris; |'!@ palace at Gotchina; not only to play
the time the reigning yearsof the last there but be a guest in this the most
empire. It is the day of salons, when colossal of palaces, built by the greet
the wit, the learning, the fashion and | Cr. Here this youth who had been
the art of the empire were embodied | lettered only in the rudiments of a frontier
in women distinguished for their wit Public school, had been self-taught in
as woll as for their beauty; and in men |¢Very art and in the wisdom of human |
who were as elegant in their manners; kind, was the recipient of honors accorded
as they were delicate in their apprecia-!'9 only a few artists in a generation. |
tion of all art and all learning. In these ! Some years elapse. In ths inn of a little |
salons they met to feast lavishty on one | Village in the Austrian Tyrol two strangers |
another's wit, charm, beauty and learn-|@Ppear. They had been there scarcely
ing. A greater contrast than lay between |4 Gay when an invitation came to them
the splendor of the Parisian ealon and | ftom Cumberland Palace, situated in the
the frontier prairies of Illinois can scarcely | billea few milesdistunt. The strangers are
be imagined. But here in Mme. de V.’s | ‘irierson and the gentleman who has been

‘

salon they are brought together. And!
the prairie conquers Paris.

Here are gathered the select of the,
select in the musical set of Paris. for |
this is a musical occasion. Here is M.
Delaage, the journalist, bon vivant,
universal connoisseur who sat in judg-
ment over everything that interested |
the city of elegant gayety in those days
of gay elegance, and Samuel David, a
distinguished musician who had just
captured the prize at Rome, the highesr
honor that a musician in those years
could attain, and Sylvestre Saint-Etienne,
the man that knew all that was worth,
recording of the experiences of the em- |
pire, and Leon Gastinel, the well known
composer of religious music, whose
genius presided over the purple precincts
of Notre Dame.

And the special occasion? A young!
American from the prairies of IJinois
is to play the piano! They have come

in a epirit of raillery, these learned and |

PUBLISHERS
OF THE NEW WORLD

The First Printing Press Came by
Ship From Spain to
Mexico.

B00

 

 

 

A DEALER OF EARLY BOSTON

“For the Pleasing Entertainment of the
Polite Parts of Mankind,”
He Prints s Book.

 

In a ship which came from Spain to!
the golden land of Mexico in tho early
part of the sixteenth century, there was
stowed away with other products of civil-
ization a printing press. This press was
set up under the direction of Mendoza
and the first book printed on it, in 1532,
was the “Spiritual Ladder of St. John
Climacus.” This book was the first one to
be printed in the New World. Other print-
ing preases were brought to the New
World by the Spaniards, and on one press
which they set up in Peru six books were
printed. A hundred years passed by be-
fore the English ventured into the fleld
of print in New England. This was
when Stephen Daye, in 1639, published
the Freeman's Oath at Cambridge, Maas.,
together with an almanac, A year
after this first effort on the part of the
English colonist the Kay Psalm Book
was issued, of which is so rare that a
copy is worth its weight in gold. The
Cambridge Press, which issued the Psalm
Book, thereafter turned out one book a |
year for twenty-one years, a trifling pro- |
duction, but quite sufficient to meet the
demands of the time.

One Richard Fry, an Englishman who
came to Boston and set himself up in the
book selling business in 1732, surveyed the |
fleld and then advertised his best =

in the following language, which does
not even slightly veil his consciousness
of the superiority of London books and
booksellers
price:
“Whereas it has been the common |
method of the most curious merchante of
Boston (o procure their books from Lon-

except in the matter of

,of playing in this spot.

, famous Wiltshire poet.

| urged to buy everything but drugs.

‘for Boston Habes in

his aid and companion for over twent y-four
years. The invitation is to play before
a royal group that represents four royal
cour's—Holland, Mogland, Austria and
Germany. Grierson had had no intention
He had simply ,
prompted” to come. And here
he was, in the centre of a distinguished
and royal group, |

“been

|

Francis Grierson was born sixty-three
years ago in England, but his parents
brought him to America before he was a!
year old. They settled in the Mississippi
Valley. The father became a naturalized
citiven and a fervent Lincotn man. In
the great President's own State Francis

was brought up as the average American |

farmer's Jad is brought up. When the!
civil war broke out he was living in &t,!
!

; Louis and became a Messenger boy for

Gen, Fremont. Later he moved to Chi-!
cago and there his musical gift disclosed |
itself

don, this is to acquaint these gentlemen

that I, the said Fry, will sell all sorts of
accompt books, done in the most acute

manner, for 20 per cent. cheaper than

they can have them from London, For

the pleasing entertainment of the polite

parts of mankind, I have printed the most

beautiful poems of Stephen Duck, the

It is a full dem- |
onstration to me that the people of New|
England have a fine taste for good sense
and polite learning, having already sold

1,209 of these poems.”

Of course, by the time Fry appeared on
the cultured horizon of Boston it was well
known to the outer barbarians that that
city was far in advance of the rest of the
Colonial towns in the matter of appre- |
ciation of intellectual effort. It would |
not have surprised them, therefore, to|
learn that the Bostonians took so kindly |
to the beautiful poems of Stephen Duck
that they bought twelve hundred copies
of them. Nevertheless, book publishing
was not a distinct business at that time.
The early publishers were all printers
first and publishers second, book pub-
lishing being merely an incident to the
printing business. The selling of hooks
was also incidental to other lines of en-
deavor. For instance, Benedict Arnold
sold drugs and books, which calls up the
modern drug store which O. Henry de-
scribed one time where patrons were

hese early American printers were
not publishers in the sense in which the
word is used to-day, Their material was
obtained from England and their publish-
ing was confined principally to reprinting
volumes by English authors copied from
the Huglish print. What was probably
the first book written and published in
this country had a title characteristic of
the times, and this book appeared in Bos-
ton in 1656. It was called “Spiritual Milk
Kither England.
Drawn Out of the Breasts of Both Testa- |
menta for Their Souls’ Nourishment. |
But May Ke of Like Use to Any Children." |
The printing of this book was done by |
Samuel Green for Hezekiah Usher,
Capt, Jobn Smith's books were
printed in London, William Strachey's
“True Reportory of the Wracke and Re- |

demption of Sir Thomas Gates Upon and |

I'rom the Bermudas” was written in Vir- |
ginia, but went to England for publica-
tion, George Sandys translated the last
ten books of Ovid's “Metamorphoses” in |
1621, also in Virginia, and in the same
Colony Alexander Whittaker of the Church
of England wrote his “Good News froin
Virginia.” The second edition of a book of |
verses by Anne Dudley Bradstreet was
printed here in 1478, the first edition hav- |
ing bees published in London

he founding of Harvard College had |

ap

Ho could play music, not by ear but by |

|
all}

important influence on both writing |

 

 

selves and he reproduced them. They | son had Bayreuth at his feet.

came from within him like an inspiration.

locally known asa musical prodigy and
gave recitals in a number of towns.
Then the wanderlust posseased him.

Like all artists whose soul dwells in the
realms of idealism, his kuowledge of the

'

|

wor.d and worldliness was limited to im- |

pressions
travel
guage

But he had the Celtic gift of intuition,
Something in his heart told him to go,
and told him somehow where to go. Of

He had not read any books of
He knew only the English lan-

feourse this is mysterious, and practical

dollar and cent Americans laugh at it.
But Grierson did it,
place where he did not feel he should go,

‘of art

He never went to a!

nor play in a place where he did not feel.

the time was ripe.

He went to Paris, I have told with what
results, He went to Herlin, Dresden,
Florence, Vienna, to every capital of art
and power, and everywhere the story ia
the same. Sweeping triumph, wonder-
ment, not from the untutored but from the

and publishing in America. Whatever
the character of the books a begin-
ning was made toward the establish-
ment of an independent publishing indus-
try in America. Cotton Mather wrote
$83 books, his father 136. Other writers ap-
peared with manuscripts to be published,
Most of them bearing the message of
eternal damuation to the wicked, but here
and there a book caine forth composed in
@ more cheerful vein, or one placing less
emphasis on it.

In 1775 the firat American poet, Benja-
min Thompson, came forward with his
story of King Philip's war, “New England
Crisis,” ‘Ten years later Thomas Godfrey
published the first dramatic poem in the

colonies, “The Prince of Parthia, a
Tragedy .
¢ Pennsylvania Germans were among

the early printers and publishers. The

Ublication of the “Ephrata Book of

artyrs” was one of the most important
events of this kind of itstime. The entire
work, including the making of the type
and paper, was done at the settlement
of Ephrata, near Gettysburg, and in Ger-
mantown Caristopher Sauer, who with
his son operated the largest printing
plant in America, made the first font of
type in the Colonies, The Saucers aleo
made their own ink and paper. Then in
1744 Benjamin Franklin reversed the order
of things by sending a consignment of
books to London. This was 300 copies
of Logan's “Cato Major.”

The first organization of book pub-
lishers was formed after the business
had entered its second stage in America.
Book faire used to be held, and the pub-
lishers often went personally on the plat-
form and sold their books to dealers in
lots. The firm which Mathew Carey
founded in 1785 has flourished ever since.
The Methodist Book Concern was estab-
lished in 1789, William Wood & Co. in 1804,
Harper & Brothers in 1817, Henry [vison
in 1830;. the precursor of Houghton
MiMfliin & Co., William D. Ticknor, in
1832; J. B. Lippincott & Co. in 1835, the
Putnam House in 1836 and Dodd, Mead «&
Co. by M. W. Dodd in 1839.

ODD HOUSE AT SCARSDALE.

One of the most unique cottages that
have been bullt at Scarsdale Mstates has
just been completed by Miss Helen Stinp-
ton ut Greenacres, Hartsdale station,
Miss Simpson ts an artist and she has
constructed the house to sult her own
special requirements. To the left is a
large studio with high ceiling, a little
inglenook in the fireplace and a window,
The studio ts reached by a short fight
of steps leading from the matn part of

 

the house, On the right are the livin
room, dining room, butler's puntry an
| kitehen. There are three sleeping rooms

and bath on the second floor
Wus placed so that the best possible ight
effects could be obtained, "he house ts
bullt of stuceo over metal lath, and is so
arranged as to allow of an exeellent view
over the links of the Seursdalie Golf and
Country Club,

The studio

he says, and we have eeen how at
juncture four courts were assembled at
the Cumberland Palace; and no sooner

| He had no money and had no experience.’ had his name been given at the inn than

princes and princesses heard of it, and he
was commanded to play.

When you stop to think of it, this is
mysterious, isn't it? "An unknown prairie
lad from Mlinois
and fashion and wit.
World bows to the new.

The Old

wisdom, makes a world pilgrimage, guided
by feeling.
It is mysterious, that is the word to use,

His music is mysterious—it has the paychic | ag gong ert
qualities that creep into the soul and/of the term. His moods he interprets | ™ystery of his on, |

| soothe it or wrench it.

|

I have heard him play a number of times.

Francis (pierson -

intuition. He made his own melodies, | greatest musicians in the world. Wagner | of the pianola, musio box fore ordained |
(or rather his own melodies made them-| listened and marvelled. For weeks Grier-

 

method in it. It is spontaneous, natural,

|

| appealing, like a flower in the field, like
He went everywhere as he dropped into | the song of the lark, like the light of the
He developed the gift in Chicago, became the little Tyrolean town, prompted to go, | moon and the joy of the sun. Onoe hav-
this | ing heard it, you would not think of loving
music
of the average technician any more than
you would care for artificial flowers, or
in

‘the mathematical, mechanical

‘mechanical birds, or the gas glow
| place of the real thing.

| There is no end to the variety of the,
But it all depends upon Grier-
captures the citadels | son's moods. Some days it is all terrifio,
artillery.
A lad who had | Some days it is sad, wailing, plaintive—
no money, and no college diploma, but | the cry of despair, the echo of lost souls.
who had a gift, and had an instinct for And sometimes more rarely it is happy,
But always it is ®

And always the 4nd
_ * | that pervades

| music.

‘thunder, lightning, drums,

‘melodious, cheerful.
| mysterious—psychic.
| technique is faultless.

| through the music.
woods.

 

His Lincoln Book, “The Valley of

9

Shadows

ve

Is Translated Into French

—Russian Edition Next.

fascinated by hia mystic music. He dis-
ikes playing in a strong light—the gas is
turned low—the glow from the fireplace
is better still—the mysterious light of a
| gull moon streaming in at the windows i
| best of all.

He never plays before large audiences;
they distract him, Only twenty or thirty,
or at most fifty, have been in his select
audiences. If there is a stubborn, un-
appreciative person in the audience he

of the great war; the psychic forces
those mysterious potencies that reveal
themselves in the development of nations,
that filled the hearts of the prairie pioneen
made a lasting impression on the gitfe
lad. He saw Lincoln. He heard him debat
with Douglas. His father knew Lincoh
and helped place him in power
Grierson’s young heart was thrilled
not by the moving panorama of imi!iiay
glory but by the strange religious move.

 

 

| knows it; he feels it; the music reveals it. | ments that preceded the war. The spiriiuaj
Sympathy is the magnet that draws out|forces were calling to the soul of the
the best there is in him. The greatest |artist. He was saturated with the
musicians in the world have pronounced | mysticiam of Lincoln; and he of al) th»

their sincere wonderment over his unique
art. He does the most difficult things.
I have heard him play a domplete sonata,

observers of those stirring times could
read and remember the portents of ey;
and of good that surcharged the atmos.

every movement, every detail perfect—all phere of the Lincoln land.

spontaneous, absolutely unpremeditated.

It.

But the most wonderful part of this
man to me is the all embracing character
of his mind. He has travelled all over
the world. He has several! times crossed
the American continent. In the eighties
he was back in Paris. The contrast be-
tween the bourgeois roughness of the
eighties and the refinement of the sixties
made a deep impression upon him. He|
wrote a small volume of essays entitled |
“La Revolté Idealist4,” in which he set
forth his mystical idealism.

He had taken artistic Paris by storm as
an inexperienced youth through the power
of hia musical gift. Now he took literary
and learned Paris by storm through the
power of a literary gift that was in no way
secondary io his musical powers. He
received letters from no less than ten
members of the Academy, including
Sully Proudhome, whom he had 80 pro-
foundly stirred with his music. The)

ilosophersand literary princes of the)

ay all hastened to assure him of their |

 

 

|
}

 

| traiture

After absorbing all the reflnoment of
European capitals Grierson set to work
in the ripeness cf a world experienc» to

| write the story of the Lincoln country

He worked eight years on “The Valley of

| Shadows,” years in which personal sor.

rows and troubles made deop inroads
upon his time and strength and inspira.
tion.

And this is the book of all Lincoln books
That it remains so little known in America
ia no compliment to our patriotism or
to our literary and historic appreciation
In thirty or forty years it will be the ac.
knowledged classic of that period of our
history.

In “The Valley of Shadows” the artiat
and the mystic reveals in simple por-
and wonderful realism the
sources of Lincoln's sirength. The art-
istry of the book is perfect. I have heard
men say that they cannot read the chapter
on the camp meeting without tears
The description of the log cabin and the
meeting house, the story of the fugitive
slaves, the description of the Lincoln.
Douglas debate are elemental, like
Grierson’a music. Perfect in art, yet

sincere appreciation of his art. Literary |

3 | any sincere person can understand them,
aa Spain and Italy joined in the as any one with an appreciative eye can

} All this applause came through the understand a violet.

Grierson is a mystic in the best sense

It ia the music of | +
He plays on the strings of his | Francis Grierson is an American citizen,

Not being a musician, I cannot give an | hearers’ hearts, touches the whole gamut

analysis of his music, but I can aay some- | of their emotions as his wonderful hands

thing of its effect.
melody.

It is elemental, natural | rueh over the keys. He has revealed the
It ia therefore devoid of a Ny hypnotism of melody. Men and women

artificiality. There is absolutely nothing | have followed him from salon to salon

 

BLACKMORE A FARMER.
ON LONDON'S SKIRTS

 

Author of “Lorna Doone” Rustic
and Old Fashioned in
His Habits.

CHANGES “DEVIL’S DEVICES”

Indifferent to Ornament, but Bound Up
In His Orchards and
His Fruit.

Among his intimates R. D. Blackmore,
the author of ‘Lorna Doone,” was almost
as well known for his fruit’ and orchards
as for his famous book. Scarcely out of

sound of the hurly-burly of London, the | *

author struggled to preserve his surround-
ings of ruaticity, and William H. Rideing,

 

sence of superfiuity may be a negative
beauty.

“As for the man himself he was very
| tee Horace Greeley in appearance. He

 

must have been some inches more than

six feet in height in his youth and he| and immovably enough
towered above ordinary men even when | or converstaion antagonized his beliefs
his shoulders sagged, as they did in his|and principles. He was one of the sin- | ,ome refinement, intelligence and

closing years. His head was in proportion
to his stature, and the sparse locks re-
had a sort of debonair friskiness

that hinted at a vitality reduced a little
perhaps, but without a sign of the cloudy
| dregs of exhaustion, though he was well

a rosy face from ear to ear, a face of
wholesome color, pink and creamy as
a girl's, and lighted by humorous, twink-

 

“Rusticity appeared in his loose fitting,
ill matched clothes and an air of rusticity
‘enveloped him. He seemed to exhale
| the very essence of the moorlands and

 

| The aging of a cocktail is as

}

along in years. His beard, shaved away | you call on him allows you to stay indoors

| froe his upper lip and chin, festooned | for more than twenty minutes, if so long bite of Latin like hie talk.

 

ling eyes of mingled shrewdness and | the moment you consent,

who has lately published a volume of necessary topeefect flavor as;

reminiscences, tells of a visit to the farm
loving writer.

“There could not be a simpler or plainer
house than Blackmore's,” says Mr. Ride-
ing. “I believe it is yet to be seen from the
tops of the trams that have citified Ted-
dington more than thetraina did—a house
of dingy brick and slate without a dormer
gable or a single ornament torelieve the
austerity of ita four wholly utilitarian
walls, as improbable a domicile as one

the aging of wine or whisky.
The delicious flavor and aromaof

Club Cocktails

 

is due net alone to the
| blending of the choicest liquors

| of all the thick headed papers. Why,

| beauty and power of a few short essays.
They were written in French and displayed
all the subtleties of syntax and all the
niceties of ideas to which perfected
French taste was accustomed. This
multiplied the marvel. The Illinois prairie
lad had tutored himself. He had studied
the literature and learning of France,
Germany, England and America and
| laid its domains under the power of his
keen analysis.

So this first volume of essays revealed
a great range of learning and a marvellous
power of absorption and a superlative
art of expression in the purest French.

Grierson now gradually diminished his
attention to music and devoted his mind
to literature. He moved to London, where
he has since resided.

He has published a number of volumes
of essays, “The Celtic Temperament,”
“Modern Mysticism” and the “Humor of
the Underman” being among his best
known works, and he has recently pub-

 

lished a volume of French essays, “La)
lee Hommes.”

It is needless to enumerate the names of

the distinguished men from all over the |

world who do homage to his art. In Eng- |
land he is proclaimed by the leading
literary oritio as the “greatest living
eseayist.” Maurice Maeterlinck long ago
acknowledged him as a “soul so strongly
fraternal” that he surmised they both |
had drunk from “the same sources almost '
divine.”

| Nor is it my intention here to analyze

the subtle beauty of his style and to

the sweet melancholy mysticism

 

all his work; even the |

This artist-philosopher recevied his
|inspiration from our pioneers. He has
, @iven back to us the product of his ex.
periences. His inspiration—that is, his
art, both musical and literary —is Amer-
ican. England could never have pro-
duced it; Scotland might have done 80
France never, nor Italy nor Germany, nor
any other land. There is the wideness of
the horizon in hia book that bespeake
prairies, and the pure and wholesome
optimism that only the pioneer on the
verge of a new civilization can possess
| America can rightfully lay claim to the
| inspiration that it gave him, and I hope
that it will be able to claim him as a resi-

ent.

Il.

For his heart is with us. He has often
talked to me of the enthusiasm which a
new land, an empire of hope, inspires in
the soul. He looks upon America as an
| inspiration for the whole world. Not

at all because it is powerful and stretches
from ocean to ocean, but because it is

hopeful.

In spite of his 63 years Mr. Grierson
is young, is 40. He is straight as }h
was when he conquered Parisian salon:
He is as optimistic, as purely idealisti:
as when he traversed Europe on hia strange

| journey, prompted by a mystica! forw

within him. ‘

I have often asked him why the viciss-
| tudes and trials of life-and he has had
his full share of them—have left him +0
| buoyant, so optimistic. “Because I long

llude to the great range of his interests | ®&° learned to discard illusions and pin

my faith to the things that endure. Tha‘
is the lesson America must learn, br

humorous passages are blended with the, experience—to discard the superficial

But I do wish to say to Americans that

that he {fs genuinely an American, that he
‘loves America. and has interpreted for
us the greatest of Americans. I have
| said Grierson lived as a boy in the Lincoln

cling to the genuine.”

And so he works, taking his own time
prompted by the same strange monitor
to write or to reflect or to dream, Daily
‘he walke under the ancient oaks of Ricli-
mond Park and listens to the sounds of
_ nature, as he listened on the prairies over

|country. He grew up amid the portents , fifty years ago.
'

 

 

coombes he loved and interpreted so well, | and consultations with actors and mai-

Low voiced, mild, benign and courteous,
attached to old wayeand conditions that
are losing their hold, he was not passive
or supine, but could take his stand solidly
when conduct

cerest of men and if one had to sum him |
up in a word a fitter one than ‘wholesome’
could not be chosen. You felt him as a
piece of England and of England un-
mixed.

“Is there ever a gardener who when

as that? He is sure to say after a little
hesitation, ‘Wouldn't you like to come
into the garden?’ and to show his pleasure

“So it R iy wits Blackmore. He | took

ou into his garden, and pioking up shears
toa pruning knife, used them as you |
followed him, and talked for choice more |
of his fruits than of himself or of his books,
about which he was always very shy. |
Only one thing seemed sufficient to ruffle
his abiding serenity, and that was some
mistaken paragraph in a horticultural
paper. Then he would shake the offendin,
sheet in the wind, and cry out ‘Blockheads'
Donkeys! This is the thickest headed

 

‘agers, but no further. There was 4
difficulty which could not be overcom?,
and that was the rize of John Ridd, the
protagonist, Everything hung on that
on colossal height, girth and muscle it
the impersonator. Prizefighters and
exhibition giants were thought of, [st
bulk and weight could not suffice wil he vut

ris

| trionic capacity. The combination was

unattainable.

“Occasional! letters passed between us
his always written on the smallest ani
moat fadylike of note in a cramped
but not illegible hand which at a glance

ave the impression of Chinese charavi er

hey had an antique precision and for-
mality and were embellished by pedanti
Many word:
were abbreviated in the old fashioned way.
which economized the alphabet, whi!
it elaborated and meandered in the phrav
Then such words as ‘would,’ ‘should’ and
— were curtailed to ‘wd,’ ‘shd’ and
‘wh’

“I think he belonged to the eighteent
century by his preferences and his habits
He was proud of the port in the cell’?
and loved God and honored the (tcl
he read the Times and he regarded chang
and innovations as devices of the devi!
Petersham churchyard is the piace ©
which he should have been buried

PROPERTIES HERE AND ELSEW HERE

n't even know that the Bryan L. Kennelly will offer «
eee ead ts soil has more to do| Wednesday, April 10, at executrixs sat
with the start of life than the temperature | for the estate of Thomas O'Gara, 224"
of the air!’ And he would cap objur- | 2248 Seventh avenue, near 132d street

precise | boone, but he had grown tired of the

could think of for a man of poetical and! obtainable, but to tie fact that |

romantic imagination, Within it was no

| more wathetic than without, an impression

of indifference to ornament or a contempt

| for it rather than of enforced frugaiity.

“We talked in his study, and that was a:

bit of a room with a writing table, a chair
or two, and a few books against the
walls, books in the plainest bindings-
for use and, like all the rest of the furni-
ture, not for display. A pallet served as
both bed and sofa, and a whimsical im-
pulse decided that before the various
articles had been assembled each had been
asked; ‘What good are you? Are you
necessary, something that we can't pos-
sibly do without? If you are a superfluity
you shall not stay. If you are a luxury
out you go. You have mistaken your des-
tination,’ Nevertheless everything was
airy, sweet and spotless, and confirmed

Richard Whiteing'’s dictum that the ab-

| they are softened to mellowness
| by aging before bottling.
Manhatian, Martini and oth:
{ standard blends, bottled, ready
\ to serve through cracked ice.
Refuse Substitutes
AT ALL DEALERS

 

@. VF. BECBLEIN & BRO., Bole Fieps.
Barttord

Lendes

New York

 

|

 

|

|

gation witha tip of Latin, for which he
a scholar's fondness.
“With some reluctance on his
ot a few words in edgewise about ‘Lorna

t I

predominance given to that book by his
admirers, many of them distant strangers
in all parts of the world, from whom he
was constantly hearing. Editors and
wblishers, I among them, besought him
for variations of it or extensions of it,
and under pressure and unwillingly he
once revived the Doones in a brief narra-
tive, which it is probable he afterward
regretted. Beyond that he would not go,

“IT asked him about the origin of the
story. ‘I could hardly tell,’ he said,
with some attempts at memory, ‘whence

two five story flats, with store, cach
lot 24.9x100; also for the estate of Her

rietta L. Bowen, 188 Hester stret. *
four story brick and frame tenemen! a
store in front, and a five story brie

tenement in rear, on lot 25x100; for tht
estate of Maria Munder, 316 Hast 1i'\"
fifth street, near Second avenue, « fe
story brick flat on lot 25x100.5.

On the same day Mr. Kennelly wi
offer 1066 Lind avenue, near 165th str
a three story frame dwelling, on le!
x76.6; 121 Manhattan avenue, soutly :
corner of 105th street, a three story |)
dwelling, on lot 19,11x50; 69 West fishy
sixth street, a four story brick and stl
dwelling, on lot 20,6x100.8; also ow i
dence in Lakewood, N, J., at 45. Mucins!
avenue, southeast corner of Main olive
The plot has a frontage of 200 for! &

a

 

 

and how [ pick up the odds and ends,!araaison avenue and 258 feet on til
some of which came from my grandfather, | street, with a three story stone and frm
rector of Oare, about art Ghd inter, I | dwelling and a large stable and saris
know not how early or how late, for a ee
‘he never lived there, but rode across the NEW HOMES AT BEKCHHURST. a
moors to give them a sermon every other} . The construction department oft
| > . Shore Acres Realty Company |» tN
Sunday. And when he became too old Mpany iy ing
; for him.’ preparing plans for many new dwe!li
for that. my uncle used to do it for him.’| to" he erected at their development

He Gerided the tr uent attempts ta
identify the scenes his imagination crea
with actual localities in the neighborhood
of Lynton

“T always thought there was a

play |

lin ‘Lorna Doone,’ and he authorized me,

work, |

hot without experience in such
I got as far 4s & soenurio |

to dramatize it.

 
  
   
   
 
 

eechhurat, Whitestone Landing, |. d
any improvements have been mad: i
Beason and several houses are now |!) th
course of constructton and are expect
be ready within « few weeks, The pre!
erty is directly opposite Fort Seluy!
und Fort Totten afd Willett’'s Po't
Just beyond the @ne of the attru
residences.

     
 
   

ive