ANYTHING TO BEAT. |

TAFT 1S THEIR PLAN int

Many of Roosevelt's Supporters
No Longer Have Hope
That He Can Win.

(PPEAL TO CHAS. E. HUGHES

The Justice Has Replied to Their Ap-
peals That He Would Not Allow
the Use of His Name.

 

 

Wasutnaton, Maroh 23.-Some of the
President's political enemies are quietly
planning @ popular stampede to a “com-
promise candidate” for President as a
means of saving themselves from utter
rout The indications are that they
will try to conoentrate their strength
on Associate Justice Charles E. Hughes.
Many of the Roosevelt supporters no
longer éntertain a shred of hope that
the Colonel can be nominated. Even
Senator Dixon, manager of the Roose-
velt campaign, is reported to have said
within a week:

“We may not nominate
but we will beat Taft.”

The Senator was quoted as saying
that the Roosevelt followers expected
to put up such a bitter fight against the
President that they would frighten
the delegates to the Chicago convention
into seeking a candidate who might
come nearer uniting the party and giving
promise of success in November.

Undoubtedly Associate Judge Justice
Hughes is the man some of the Roosevelt
people would like to unite upon. On
two or three occasions within the last few
months men who are opposed to President
Taft's renomination, some of them pro-
gressives, others from the conservative
wing of the Republican party but hostile
to Taft, have approached Justice Hughes
and appealed to him to permit his name
to be used. As often as they have come,
from whatever source, Justice Hughes
has repelled the suggestion and invariably
eaid that he would never consent to the
use of his name against Taft.

Long before La Follette became actively
a candidate certain progressives went to
Justice Hughes and urged him to allow
the use of his name as a means of uniting
the party. These men had been to Col.
Roosevelt before they went to Justice
Hughes and were not encouraged by what
the Colonel told them at that time. Justice
Hughes said then that he would not con-
sent to the use of his name against the
President. It is evident, however, that
opponents of President Taft hope to make
Justice Hughes a candidate in spite of
himself.

From now on some of the Roosevelt
boomers may be expected to point out
how impossible it is from their viewpoint
for President Taft to reunite the party
and win a victory in the election. Their
argument will be that the future of the
Republican party is| more important

Roosevelt

than the personal vindication of any
President. Instead of conducting the
Roosevelt movement in a way to

strengthen the party for the fight in
November, provided President Taft is
the nominee, their efforts were directed
toward increasing the factional strife
and weakening President Taft and im-
pressing the country that he cannot win
if nominated. Meanwhile they will use
the name of Justice Hughes as a rallying
cry in spite of the emphatic stand taken
by the jurist.

But President Taft's friends do not ap-
pear to be concerned over this manifest
plan of campaign on the part of the Roose-
velt people. ‘The ‘aft managers will in-
sist that instructions be given for the
President and they feel certain that long
before the convention meets there will be
enough instructed delegates for Taft to
make it im ible for any dark horse
exploits in the convention. In a number
of States talk ‘of uninstructed delegations
was promptly squelched by the President's
friends. hts is especially true in In-
diana, where there was some effort to
hame an uninstructed delegation.

Harry Snew, who is leading the Taft
campaign in Indiana, sromptly put a
stop to the plan for sending uninstructed
delegates, and in the two districtea that
have chosen delegates both instructed
for the President. In the Indiana State
convention next week and in eleven
other districts where delegates are to be
chosen instructions will be given for the
President if his friends are in control.

Senator Gamble returned from South
Dakota to-day. The Presidential _pri-
martes in that State are to be held the
first week in June. The Senator said to-
day that President Taft would carry the
primaries.

Senator Gamble and both of the Rep-
resentatives in Congress from that State,
Kurke and Martin, are for Taft. Repre-
sentative Martin is now in South Dakota.
The only meraber of the delegation in
Congress who is for Col. Roosevelt is
Nenator Crawford. The la Follette Re-
publicans, who some time ago effected
a fusion with the Roosevelt Kepublicans,
have kicked out of the arrangement and
have decided to put a separate ticket
in the field headed by La Follette, ‘this
wil tend tou divide the progressive move-
nent in South Dakota and enhance the
chances of President Taft carrying the

primaries,
Beginnin nest week it is expected
there will and rush for the Taft

band wagon. Four Congress districts
in Indiana elect delegates Monday and
all of them are certain to choose Taft
instructed delegates. The following day
the Indiana State convention will be held
and four delegates at large will be chosen
and instructed for the President. Thurs-
day the remaining districts in Indiana
will elect delegates. President Taft now
has four instructed delegates in Indiana
and it is ex ed that by the end of next
week he will Kave thirty from that State.
In addition to Indiana, State conventions
will be held in Colorado, Misyelenin! § and
Alaska, every one of which will elect
Taft delegates according to the best
information to be had here. District
delegates wil) bea elected in Tennessee,
throughout Mississippi and in South
Carolina and Georgia. From_ present
indications the President will secure
practically all of these delegates.

(he Pennsylvania Club, one of the lead
ing State organizations represented in-
Washington, has declared for President
galt *. H. Hunter wired from _ Des

Moines that fiftysnine counties in lowa
ont of ninety-five which have held co
ventions up to date have given President
‘laft 592 dainwainn, while his opponents
hove received from the other counties the
following: Cummins, 266; Roosevelt, 39.

In the Congress district represented by
(-ngressman Young of Michigan, seventy-
obe out of the 104 delegates chosen are j
for President Taft. The Taft men have
carried Gov Osborn’ 8 county, Chippewa;
his home city, Sault Ste. Marie, and the
Governor's own ward,

President ‘Taft has carried two counties
in Idaho Kootenai and Clearwater. The
first county elected fifteen delegates
for Taft and one for Roosevelt, while the
lamer elected a solid ‘Taft delegation.
Official advices from Indiana show that

*' the primary election yesterday in
Manon county) which includes Indian-
‘polia, at which delegates were chosen
'o the State convention, the vote was
Tutt, 6160; Roosevelt, 1,467, This in-
wi es the election of a solid delegation

r laft from that county

In the Fifth Con district Terre
Haute is the principal city. Vige county,
Ytich includes Terre Haute, at the pri-

 

maries yesterday elected sixty-seven Tart’
delegates and twenty-nine Roosevelt dele- |
Rise The Delta county convention in
Mic pigen gave Taft instructions,
he President's friends have no mo-
nopoly of the good news. At Roosevelt
headquarters it waa reported that Roane
pounty, West Virginia, the first county
in that State to choose delegates to thé
State convention, jon, cast, 800 votes, of which
5 were for t and the rest for
Taft. The sixteen delegates to the State
convention were instructed for Roose-
velt. In Spencer, the county seat of Roane
county, the vote was 200 for Roosevelt
to five for Taft. The Roosevelt people
claimed this afternoon ~~ had i: a
tion from Indianapolia that they had
carried eight of the thirteen Con
districts and would control the In jana
State convention. It is understood the
telegram came from ex-Senator Rever-
id A despatch from Putnam county,
Missouri, reported that at the primaries
wevelt. received 1,123 and Taft 871.

INDIANA SEEMS CLOSE.

Taft's and Roosevelt's Managers Both
Claim State.

INDIANAPOLIS, March 23.—Both Repub-
lican factions are claiming to-night the
selection of a majority of delegates to
the State convention and to both the Taft
and Roosevelt headquarters conflicting
reports are coming everyfhour.

The Roosevelt managers say that they
have elected a majority, but have been
defrauded out of some of them and con-
tests will be prosecuted to the State con-
vention, while the Taft managers say
that the claims of fraud are unfounded
and that they will havea majority of from
200 to 300 in the State convention on
Tuesday.

A canvass of the returns at both heed-
quarters and careful comparison of the
sources from which they have come force
the conclusion that the State is closer
than was expected and that control of
the State convention may depend upon
the committee on credentials.

Of a total of 1,409 delegates entitled to
seats in the State convention 696 were
elected yesterday and of these 436 are for
Taft and 230 are for Roosevelt. These
figures have been received from news-
7 correspondents and do not coin-
cide with those ted at either of the
headquarters in this city. The Taft men
and the Roosevelt men both claim a greater
number.

The selections are well distributed over
the State and are regarded by conserva-
tives as indicating the relative strength
of Taft and Roosevelt. If the ratio is
maintained Taft's friends will control
the convention, but there are many con-
tests to be decided and it will not surprise
any one if theré is a bolt and two conven-
tions are held.

As indicated last night, Roosevelt's
greatest strength is in strong Democratic
counties where Republicans have in
mind 1904 and think that Roosevelt can
help their Jocal tickets as he did then,
Practically all the strong Republican
counties are for Taft though there are
some exceptions

There will be more than 200 contests
fn the convention, au pT Ose tiled by

Roosevelt men, and it is believed that

decisions against them will result in
sending rump delegates at large to
Chicago for Roosevelt.

VERMONTERS CHEER FOR TAFT.

President's Brother Speaks at Dinner
Great State to Leave.

. °

Henry W. Taft told 200 membera of the
Vermont Society assembled for their annual
dinner last night at the Hotel, Astor that
in the Green Mountain State are “the best
of American ideals cherished by the best
Americans of the race” and that “nothing
will so much contribute to the preservation
of our republic, as their influence.”

“It's a great State to emigrate from,
however,” the President's brother continued,
“My father was born in Wyndham county,
at a place called Townsend, though we all
lived in Jamaicee--that's what he called it.
He used to tell us boys stories of the early
Vermont life. When father went to Yale
College he always told us how he would
walk through the Connecticut Valley from
Townsend to New Haven. He knew it
thoroughly aad when we had grown we did
too, and learned to be proud of its ideals
and their influence in our American life.”

The Vermonters cheered for President
laft when his name was proposed by ‘Toast-

master Charles F. Mathewson, and the
music switched from “Suwanee River’
and the old things to “My Sountry ‘Tis of
Thee.” Then came Gov. John A. Mead of
Vermont, who thereupon told every one
that a royal welcome awaited them in
their home State whenever they should
return

Charlies A. Prouty, chairman of the In-
terstate Commerce Cotmmission, said Ver-
mont was an agricultural State, never could
be a manufacturing State and that the
young man who wished to make money
would do well to leave. He added:

“Those who look for money only are un-
desirable citizens, to use the phrase of one
who wus once a great man himself.” Wild
appluse greeted this sally.

Then Followed Luther B. Little, vice-

resident of the New Hampshire Society;
Roberts Walker, general counsel of the
Chicago Rock Island Road, both extolling
Vermont, and at the table, too, wére Hon.
E. C. Smith, ex- -Governor of Vermont;
Col. D. 1. Morgan, chief of the Governor's
staff, and the Rev. Dr. Thomas E, Potterton.

IN 1 OWA.

Taft Will Have Five Districts to Seven
for the Senator.

Des Moines, Ia., March 23,—Caucuses
and conventions held by Republicans in

CUMMINS LEADS

jhalf a dozen counties in Iowa to-day

indicated to-night that Senator A. B,
Cummins will carry the State conven-
tion by 121 delegates and that five dis-
tricts will be for Taft and seven for
Cummins.

Clark men continued to gain to-day
in the Democratic primaries. In two
counties Clark got ten; Wilson two and
Harmon 2 delegates, making the total
now stand: Clark 145; Wilson 32;
scattering or in doubt five.

A dozen counties wt! hold conven-
tions next week and should Clark con-
tinue to gain In the same ratio he will
carry the State.

FOR THE PRESIDENCY.

Instructed Delegates Selected to
National Conventions.

 

the

Roose- Cum- La Fol-

Taft. velt. mins. _ lette,

Indiana see 4 oe wn
South Carolina oe 14 +
Oklahoma.. 4 M4 oe
Florida.. - 12 + Ps
ieorgia 2
Se aes weKens 24 o
Philippines... . 2 ie
Dist. of Columbia, 2 Pr
Tennessee........ 14 a3
Alabama. -+ 20 .
PIChI ESR. ... aarne & a6
Missourl.. . 4 2 3
lowa ‘ eseve 8 ; 2

New Mexico....... 7 1 :
North Dakota., i 10
‘Totals.. tat 17 2 10

Contests are reported in the Third,
Fifth and Fourleenth Missouri. the Second
Tennessee and the Third Oklahoma,
Roosevelt managers have announced
also that they will contest many of the
Southern delegates.

 

Miss Sutton Talks on English Ballads. |
Miss Vida Sutton, formerly of the New
Theatre, gave a talk last night on old English
ballads and their origin to sixty girls of
the Lenox HiIl Settlement in the rooms of
the Equal Franchise Society at & Kast
Thirty-seventh street, of which Mra, Clar-
Mackay was founder, The girls came
fi harae of Misa Alice Garnet of the settle-
$,
Marie the reception | cor paige yer Mra,
Sylvester ty , Brooks,
isa Pareaty ins Trube and Mies Florencé

|i elphia, credited from’ Eng and, on

THE _SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1912.
Scare Gta Ta lc nee nner .

‘BEGINS WORK ON THE

NEW ANTI-TRUST LAN

Senate Commerce Committee Will
Leave the Sherman Act
Undisturbed.

NEW ACT SUPPLEMENTAL

May Provide for an Interstate Trade
Commission With Powers
Over Corporations.
etencetmnonillctoemess

WasHINGTON, March 23.—The Senate
Interstate Commerce Committee to-day
began work in earnest in framing further
legislation for the control and regula-
tion of corporations engaged in inter-
state commerce. ‘The bill that the com-
mittee will submit to the Senate will
leave the Sherman law itself undisturbed.
The legislation that the commitiee will
recommend will be entirely supplemental.
That much has been determined. While
the committee has, as stated in THe SuN
despatches yesterday, rejected the Per-
kins and Gary suggestions of a price
fixing commission, it is likely that the
bill to be framed will provide for an inter-
state trade commission with powers
over corporations engaged in interstate
commerce similar to the powers now
enjoyed by the Interstate Commerce
Commission over transportation com-
panies engaged in interstate commerce.

At least two of the bills pending be-
fore the committee embody this idea.
They are the Cummins and Newlands
measures. The former not only provides
for an interstate trade commission but
contains provisions reciting conditions
and limitations upon business that come
within its scope. The latter provides
simply for a trade commission with
authority to initiate investigations and
determine whether given corporations
are being conducted in accordance with
Federal statutes for their regulation.

That there is no disposition among the
members of the committee to amend
the Sherman law in any of its provisions
was made manifest at to-day's meeting
when individual expressions were heard.
Every Senator on the committee will
have an opportunity to advance any ideas
that he may entertain concerning the
legislation to be framed, and until this
interchange of ideas has been thoroughly

exhausted the committee will refrain
from the work of actually drafting a bill.
Necessarily these informal discussions
will require much time, as the committee

hae before it several thousand pages of
po Moe testimony relating to the several
phases of the trust question.

The action of the committee | esterday
iii definitely deciding that further logis-
lation for the control of corporations
engaged in interstate commerce “is
necessa and desirable” is regarded
as the first important step, and consid-
erable interest attaches to the fact that
the coinmittee reached this agreement
with little or no division. The vote in
the committee on this proposition was
unanimous, though several Senators
refrained from yoaee, The Senators
who have favored additional legislation
all along feel, however, that a great deal
has been accomp! in getting a i-
tive-eommittal on this question. hey
fee! assured that the question will now
receive attention in Congress.

The resolution under which the Senate
committee conducted its investigations
of the trust question did not commit
the Senate or the Interstate Commerce
Committee to the advisability of legis-
lation along this line, but left itfor the
committee to determine. The resolu-
lution was passed by the Senate last July
and the investigations by the committee
began in August. Since then scores of
men prominent in the affairs of the nation
have testified and given to the committee
the benefit of they ideas.

NEW WOMAN NOT NEW,

So Mrs. Cooley Asserts—Marriage at
Present a Slavery Form.

* Mrs. Winifred Harper Cooley, author of
“The New Womanhood” and president
of the Associated Clubs of Domestic
Science, told a roomful of women and a
few men last night at the home of Mrs.
Charles Austin, 107 Riverside Drive, what
she knew about the “Evolution of the New
Woman.”

She said that man had developed
through encouragement. Everybody
was giving a man a boost,while the woman
was told to be gentle, docile and good.
She thought this good old fashioned
woman had too much to do to keep up
with her husband in civil or intellectual

 

pursuits,
“The new woman is luminous with
meaning,” she said, “yet it is a paradox,

for the progressive woman, the women
who strikes not only to be, but to act, i
not new, but merely more numerous than
ever before. She has seoeered down
the ages as a poet, prop! anizer,
orator, warrior and queen. le new
woman is only the old wormnan with new
opportunities.”

rs. Cooley said the time has changed
since 1808, when a man man sold his wife
in the Sheffield market as a cow, and
another sold his wife for sixpence and a
chew of tobacco,

“Many subtle reforms are needed,”
she said, “as long as ‘obey’ is in the mar-
riage service and brides are given away

by their fathers, thus conveying the idea
ownership and barter, and so long as
man is the only breadwinner and woman
dependent economically so long will
marriage be a form of slavery.”

ALCIBIADES IS_ AILING.

Oldest Camel in Circus on Bick List
~~Suffragettes Organize.

Alcibiades, thefoldestfcame! in the circus,
is on the sick Ust and the women of the
circus have formed a suffragette organiza-
tion headed by Kate Sandwina, the female
Hercules. This sums up the news from the
circus yesterday. Alcibiades is so ailing
that the press agents have decided to get
some bottled up air straight from the Desert

 

 

ee
3

 

“| FIFTEEN INCH SNOWFALL.

 

Kansas City Railroads Having Wo
Weather of Their History.
Kansas City, Mo., March :8.--The

hardest snow fight the street car com-
panies here have ever experienced is being
waged to-night against a fall that at 6
o'clock measured fifteen inches, damp
and heavy. .

Four hundred men keep constant vigil
at switches. Snow sweepers no more
than pass over a line until cars again are
reported blocked.

The coaches are great white spectres
that crawl through the night. Coming
at a time when the Kaw River is bank full,
threatening to flood the bottoms and when
railroads were again paying attention
to schedules, the storm to-day and to-
night has a sinister meaning.

The fall is reported general over Kansas,
but not so heavy as in Kane 1s City; railroad
officials to-night said they expected
blockades to-night.

A flood warning was issued to-day by
P. O'Connor, Government weather fore-
caster, After describing the conditions
that have existed in this territory for
some time and their probable effect be
advises that those having interests affected
watch the rivers.

FLOODS IN WESTERN RIVERS

Mississippi Threatening From Source to
Mouth—Kansas City Warned.

Catro, Il., March 23.—Swollen by the
recent heavy rainaand the melting snow
the Mississippi River has passed the flood
stage, is deluging the lowlands below this
city and is menacing a score of cities along
its banks from Minnesota to its outlet.

Every stream emptying into the Mis
sissippi from ita source to the Gulf has
become a torrent, and conditions are be-
coming #80 alarming that dwellers along
the bottoms by the score have been driven
from their homes.

River men are taking recautions to
provide against a flood. The river passed
the twenty-three foot mark last night and
rose rapidly to-day.

Officials of the weather bureau pre-
a that the river would reach 28 feet

by Monday. At that height the tide will
be far over the levees at some points,

PICTURES FOR DICKENS FUND

Notable Collection to Arrive This Morn-
ing to Be Sold Here.

Herbert Baily, who will arriveJfrom Eng-
Sand this morning by the Campania, brings
with him a collection of paintings which
will be put on exhibition for the benefit
of the Dickens Centenary “Fund. Mr.
Baily is editor of the Connoisseur, an Eng-
ish magazine for collectors. The collection
which he brings was got together through
the cooperation of a committee of which
Lord Chief Justice Alverstone was chair-

pictures, Among
uke of Cambridge.
Duke of Marlboro gh

heim by the pre

man.
There are about eighty
them isa portrait of t )
A dort rait of the ares

Puke: ick sent some pictures
by Van Dyck and Gainsborough,

the Romney portraita of acy
comes from the collection of Sir John George
Tollemache Sinclair. Other. canvases in-
clude a Hopper portrait lent by Lerd Shef-
field and a collection of Hornthorsts sent
y Lord Carric

A epecial feature of the exhibition will
be four period rooms—Georgian, William
and Mary, Chippendale and an oak rooin
trom the Turin exhibition,

The Cunard company is bringing the
collection over free and Collector Loeb
is providing for its free entry into this
country.

MRS. TAFT’S NIECE ENGAGED.

Harriet Anderson of Cincinnati to Wed

Hugo Gibert de Fritsch of This City.

Formal announcement was made yester-
day in Cincinnati, Washington and here
by Mrs. Charles L. Anderson of the en-
gagement of her daughter Miss Harriet
Anderson to Hugo Gibert de Fritsch of
this city. Miss Anderson is a niece of

 

     

One of
Hamilton

Mrs. Taft and has been at the White
House for the winter to be with her
cousin, Miss Helen Taft. Mrs. Ander-

son and Mrs. Taft are sisters.

Mr. de Fritsch is the son of the late
Chevalier Hugo de Fritsch, who was the
Austro-Hungarian Consul here for many
years. He was one of the founders of the
Coaching Club of New York and was con-
sidered one of the best judges of horses in
America. He died in 1889. His widow,
who is still ving, is one of the daughters
of the late Mr. and Mrs. T. Gibert,
whose home in Sixteenth street, east of
Union Square, was one of the famous
houses of its day.

Mr. de Fritsch was graduated from Har-
vard in 1909 and now makes his home
with his mother and his aunts, the Misses
Gibert, at 16 West Eighth street. The
wedding will take place in Cincinnati, but
no date has been set.

TEXAS FRIENDS RECEIVED.
Mrs.

 

C. Driscoll Sevier Entertains for

Mrs. Buckler and Daughter.
Mrs. C. Driscoll Sevier, formerly
San Antonio, Tex, gave a_ reception
yesterday afternoon at her home, 57
Madison avenue, for Mrs. Julius Buckler
and her daughter, Miss Henrietta Buckier
of El Paso. Besides many New York
friends of the hostess, the guests included
several persons of social prominence in
Texas. Among the guests were Judge and
Mrs. Robert 8. Lovett of Houston, Mr.
and Mrs. Eugene K. Austin, Mr. and Mrs.
BKenjJamin F. Yoakum, Miss Bessie Yoa-
kum, Mr. and Mrs. Paulding Fosdick, Mr.
and Mrs, Floyd Corbin, Mr. and = Mrs.
Charles C, Cowan, Dr. and Mrs. Edward
l.. Hunt, Col, and Mrs. William James
Harding, Dr. and Mrs. Thomas McRae,
Mr. and Mrs, Edwin ©. Gordon, Mrs.
James Henry Allen, Mrs. James Addison
Clark, Mrs. Willlam Grant Brown, Mrs.
vane I. Laflin, Miss Ellen P. Laflin, Mrs.
Frank B, Glover, Miss Mary Garrett Hay
and Miss Mabel Turnbull,

VOTES FOR WOMEN MATINEE.

Militant and Other Suffragists to Be
Portrayed at the Republic.

The Women's Political Union will give
an Easter matinée at the Republic Theatre
on April 12, when the bill will be “A Militant
Meeting in Trafalgar Square” the mob
scene from “Votes for Women,” arranged
by Mary Shaw; a historical patriotic pa-
geant, “A Dream of Brave Women,” und a
series of poems by Mrs. Winifred Lewis
which will be recited by Mrs. Otis Skinner,
Mary Keegan, the English actress, whs
has been in prison, will take part in the
mob scene, as will many artists and writers
who are in sympathy with the movement.
There will be sixteen tableaux with fifty
characters, Several special features will
supplement the programme,

of

of Sahara. ‘This air can only be had in Cin- e committee in char, ® is comp: poeed of

Chant where Higa Reewer Stephan elvan | Mme Charis Knoblauch, Ming uth Welling

whiffs oh ick camels r ‘ ‘

Gepbnt fii coported, hurrying éans of |4an® Meatw SE. twa ale blenny
The Wirth family from Australia started Mrs. J. 7 Tay inguton Hunt, Mra. x4 A, Rodgers,

the votes for women movement emoag the
trapeze workers, tightrope walkers and
bareback riders ‘and’ the members of that
family were so enthusiastic that Miss Sand-
wina rolled vp her sleeves and went right
out after bashful males who might not have
made up their minds about the woman
suffrage question

JURY FOR ART EXHIBITION.

Ten Men to Judge Carnegie Pictures
Named.

PirTsBuRG, March 23.—The ten members
of the jury of awards for this year's inter-
tional exhibition at the Carnegie Art Gal-
leries were announced to-day, The jury
is elected each eer by the contestants.
The members a

Gardner 58

the 1912 gol
tional. Arts

eae of Brook]
medal at the
Club; Jobn W,

An yinger. of
York Na-
Alexander of

end, et ft. the _patronesags are Mrs, Cal-
yin Tomkins, Mra, Richard Montgomery
i. rue Field, Mra, W. H, Draper and

ary Hayden,
Cardinal Farley to Go to Washington,

Cardinal Farley will leave town to-morrow
for Washington to attend a meeting of the

trustees of the Catholic University on
Tuesday,

 

Notes of the Social World.

Mrs, Frederic Neilson and her daughter, Mrs,
Hollis H, Hunnewell, left New York yesterday
for the Virginia Hot Springs to remain several
weeks,

Miss Christine Hitchings, daughter of Mr,
and Mrs, Hector M. Hitchings, will be married
to Sinclair Hamilton on May 4 at the home of
her parents, 264 West Ninety-third street,

New York, a member of the jury in three} Mr. and Mrs, Harold F. McCormick have re-
former wears: Ben ( Foster of New York, | turned to Chicago after a visit here of six weeks,
member of one former jury; K
arbell, Boston; W. fhaka ‘New Work: Mr. and Mrs, William ©, Langley of Great
Charles’ H. Davis, Mystle, (Conn; Neck, L. L., are at the Hotel Gotham for several

rop, New Hope, Pa.;'F. W. kewfent:

vy; Fast,
ugéne adcner o “Oise, pFeen:

}

jeurl

eoereernere Faken 2 ___Seteeee Sor omeeer es &____ SSESSY: tee oumeerre Bent esn: aerseek 5 tsia5-0oees

weeks.

Mrs. J. West Roosevelt will go to her country
place in Oyster Bay, L, I,, carly next month,

 

oo ee Oe eee eS

-TROJAS AND HIS BAND
ARRESTED BY OROZCO

Ordered South, Free Lance Chief |
Refuses and Loses Ilis
Commaad.

ad |
REBEL HANDS)

 

OJINAGA IN

|

Federal Leader Turns Over Town and!
Joins the Revolution With |
Garrison. }
!

 

Cainvanva, Mexico, March 23.—The|
first break between rebel leaders came |
this afternoon when Pasqual Orozco |
placed Gen, Antonio Rojas and 200 of his |
men under arrest and disarmed them.

Rojas has been a sort of free lance for
some time and among other things |
robbed the Banco Nacional in Juarez
of $20,000 against the orders of his chief
Orozco. He had just been brought to
Chihuahua to be sent against Ohnane, |
and when the news came that Sanchez |
at Ojinaga had joined Orozco Rojas |
was ordered south to join Salazar and
Campa in fighting the Federals at Escalon.

Rojas ia said to have declared he in-
tended going west to find and whip
Pancho Villa, the loyal Federal, his old
time .enemy. Orozco ordered Rojas's
arrest and then disarmed 200 of his men
who had become mutinous. The arms
weru given to men waiting for them and
known to be loyal.

The remaining 600 of Rojas's command
were immediately ordered south to the
scene of the fighting to report to Gen,
Campa, who is in command.

Ojinaga, which is opposice Presidio
Tex., fell into the hands of the Liberals
by consent of Gen. Sanchez, who was
supposed to be holding the town for
Madero. The garrison of 200 men joined
the Liberals. This puts the Liberals in
control of every point in the State.

Gen. Sanchez will begin recruiting men
in his district for Orozco's army.

Gen. Salazar is rushing with reinforce-
ments south from Jiminez to Campa
because the second division of the Fed-
erals under Gen. Aubert is expected any |
moment from Torreon. :

According to an official despatch given |
out here by Gen. Orozco the Federals |
are falling back either with the hope of
securing a better position or of planning
a trap for the rebels,

More than 900 rifles were added to the
Liberal cause by the capitulation of the |
city of Parral. Three hundred were turned |
in by the garrison, while 600 were given
up by citizens in ‘pepe to a call for |

ms and ammunition
Reports from Parral advise that Fran- |
cisco Villa is in that neighborhood with |
about 250 men. Gen. Salazar has ordered |
Capt. Oropeza and Capt. Yanez with
vo rurales to pursue and capture him |

 

 

 

ossible.

the Liberal forces in the Batopilas | j
district have been ordered by Orozco to}
invade the State of Sonora. ‘These forces |
consist of about 400 men, well armed and |
equipped. |
L Paso, Tex., March 23.—Defeat of |
the rebels in the fighting at Escalon, with | |
the Federals advancing from Torreon, is!
claimed by Mexican Consul Lorente. The
Federal advance guard, the Consul says,
consists of 500 men, and he declares they |
drove the rebels back to Jiminez and are
besei ging that town, from which the rebels
claim to be sending reenforcements to
the front.

Llorente says permission has been
granted at Washington for the trans-
mission of the munitions of war to Mexico
in case they should be needed. United
States officials deny this and say they will
seize war munitions for the Federals as
quickly as they would munitions intended
for the rebels.

The embargo on foodstuffs and clothing
shipments to Mexico has been raised.
‘Thousands of dollars worth of potatoes,
fruits, flour, hams and bacons and other
supplies were rushed to Juarez and the
State of Chihuahua. Thg Liberal treas-
ury was appreciably enriched through
the collection of the duties.

WASHINGTON, March 23.—A mbassador
Wilson at Mexico cify reported to-day
that he had no confirmation of the victory
of 500 Federals over 1,500 rebels at Jim-
inez this week.

The State Department has approved

 

the nomination of Sefor Calero, the
Mexican Minister of Forei ) Aa for
appointment as Ambassadc to Wash-

ington. He is expected Da aie next
woek to succeed Seftor Crespo, who has
been granted a transfer to his former
post as Minister at Vienna.

While the War Department has no in-
tention of increasing the militia patrol
on the border at present, the doubtful
conditions still existing in Mexico have
led the authorities to decide to send the
Fourteenth Cavalry to that section upon |
its return from the Philippines. his
regiment is @éxpected to arrive at San
Francisco about April 12.

It was decided to-day to send the head-
quarters machine gun platoon and two
squadrons to Fort Clark, Texas, and the
third squadron to Fort MeIntosh, Texar. |
This regiment is commanded by Col,
Fred W. Sibley.

COLUMBIA'S SUMMER SCHOOL.

Preparations Being Made for the Largest
Attendance Yet Known,

Columbia is planning the most extensive
summer session in its history for the com-
ing summer. Arrangements aré already
being made for 8,500 students, 500 more
than were enrolled a year ago. New courses
are to be offered in practically every de-
partment and for the first time there will
be courses in astronomy. The courses
in law, which were offered for the first time
two years ago, bave proved so popular
that additiqnal courses will be given this
sunmimer under the direction of Prof. George
W. Kirchwey and Assistant Professor Dorr,
Profs. Gifford and Dee of the Fordham
school will give several courses in law and
Prof. Moore of the University of Wisconsin
law sehool will alse lecture. Women will
be admitted to these courses, although
they are barred from the courses in the
regular term of the law school,

resident Francis Brown of the Union
Theological Seminary has arranged to
take charge of the department of religion
and courses will be given in the literature
of the Old Testament, the history of re-
ligious institutions and rites of the Old
‘Testament. New courses will also be of-
fered in agriculture by Prof. O. 8. Morgan
of the Department of Agriculture. There
will be no courses in the new school of
journalism until next year.

There will be band concerts and late in
the summer a choir of men's voices will
uive a farewell concert, Excursions to
nearby points of interest and a reception
by the director of the summer session will
also be part of the activities outside of the
classroom,

 

 

ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.

Manning: Vanderbilt and Galllard-Wright
Made Publie.

Mr. and Mrs, Oliver ,petray Vander-
bilt of Kast Orange, N, J., announced yes-
terday the engagement os their daughter
Miss BE, Louise Vanderbilt to Henry Swan
Manning of this city, Miss Vanderbilt
made her debut In soclety two years ago,
She is the sister of Oliver De Gray Van-
derbilt, Jr, who married Miss Madelon
Weir ot this elty last month, Mr. Man-
ning js the son of Henry 8. Manning of
$ West Fiftieth street. He was grad-
uated from Yale tn 1907, No date has
been set for the wedding,

Irs. James BE, Wrisht of 324 West

nh hf third street bas announced the -n-

,;Kasement of her ward, Miss Blanche

j Granth, to Marion H, Gaillard, a son of
dwin 8, Gaillard of this ctty,

Miss Grimith ‘es a daughter of the late
Franklin H, Griffith of Richmond, Va.

Ee SS

Se

GREENHUT-SI

BOTH SIDES OF 6™ AVE, a, B.Gr

—‘The ‘Big ‘Store’’

TWO MAMMOTH BUILDINGS

+9

 

——,

EL COOPER ©.

UTPres, 18™ AND IS™ STS,

Hats Trimmed Free

 

Share Our Profits to the Extent
of 5 Per Cent.

By Collecting QOC

Green Trading Stamps,

Which Are Given Free With Purchases Made Here

We also make it easy for you to open a charge account, and

Greenhut, Siegel, Cooper & Co.,

Bankers, offer excellent banking

facilities and allow 4 per cent. per annum on money deposited.

 

Monday’s

MAIN BUILDING— 27",

Brilliant Easter Displays of ee
in Every Department of the Big

WOMEN’S SUITS-
and $25.
NEW SPRING COATS FOR WOMEN—at

MARVELOUS VALUES IN TRIMMED MIL-
x
UNTRIMMED AND READY- TO-WEAR HATS

-~at $1.25 to §
FINE MESH _ BAGS--

. to $2.
SPRING
, SHOES FOR MEN, WOMEN ANDCHILDREN.

ANNUAL “ODDS AND ENDS SALE” of TRUNKS,
Sse. AND SUIT CASES—at amazingly low

WOMEN'S aaa” SKIRTS~-values $7.50 to

s

    
   
  

NEW

$10.75;

Big Sales

Goods, Fancy Goode,
Apparel, Groceries, Etc.

Goods
tore

values up to $35; at $16.80

at $5 to $25.

9.7.5.
values $1.75

IN

to $5;
“FOOT-MOULD"

at

95
STYLES

t $4.7
A REMARKABLE. ASSEMBLAGE AND SALE OF
DRESS_ FABRICS—also BLACK AND COLs
ORED SILKS.
GREAT VALUES IN

WASH GOODS—SPECIAL

EVENTS ON BOTH THE MAIN FLOOR AND
IN THE BASEMENT.

SMART CLOTHING FOR BOYS at modest prices.

ANOTHER IMPORTANT SALE OF LACES, EMBROIDERIES, ROBES

AND BLOUSES AT 1-3 to }4

LESS THAN REGULAR PRICES.

A MOST ATTRACTIVE OFFER IN PLAYER-PIANOS.,
SPECIAL SALE OF “EPPO” PETTICOATS—-at $1 to $35.
INNUMERABLE SPECIALS IN OUR CONSERVATORY

BEST GROCERIES, WINES AND LI
OFFERING OF GUINNESS'S E

UORS—INCLUDING A UNIQUE
TRA DUBLIN STOUT.

 

GREENHUT BUILDING—

‘‘Everything for
the Home.”’

PUT MONEY IN THE BANK BY BUYING YOUR SUMMER HOME

Ce aoe NOW
our Summer home is not
WE wit LL HOLD FOR LATER

et read
HIPM

to receive your purchases
NT AND SEND DIRECT TO

YOUR OUT-OF-TOWN ADDRESS.

We feature for tomorrow, sales

in CHINA, UPHOLSTERIES end

DRAPERIES, ROCKERS AND ARM CHAIRS, STANDARD WIL-
TON RUGS and a remarkable array of values in “WEAR-EVER"

ALUMINUM WARE.

(For complete details of the above and other important sales
for tomorrow, please see today's Herald, World and American)

$30, 000 * to rd

to Chari ity

this money.

ve this amount and we ask OUR CUSTOMERS
lus by their VOTES which charitable and benev-
olent institutions, societies and churches shall receive
IT COSTS YOU NOT

ING TO VOTE

 

Doublew°A. Green Trading Stamps Before 120’ Clock

 

LAW SCHOOL ALUMNI DINE.

New York University Men and Women
Gather at the Knickerbocker.

The alumni of the New York University |
law school, to the number of 200,
handful of women, gathered last night
at the Knickerbocker for their twenty-
eighth annual dinner, At the guests’ table
were Judge EKdwaid E. MeCall, who pre-
sided; Chancellor Kimer F, Brown, Dean;
Clarence D. Ashley, Prof. Joseph French
Johnson, James Stokes, David lLaevyentritt,
George &. Graham, Homer 8. Cummings
and rank L. Young.

Chancellor Brown talked about the im-
nortance of preparation for one's work
and the part that the New York University
law school had played in preparing so many
good inen for the bar,

“I have heard it said,” he said,
New York University law school has fur-
nished more men for the-bench than any
other school, 1 don't know whether or
not this is statistically true, but when [
look around this room | know that if the
bench of New York should suddenly be
deprived of the services of those alumni |
that are before me it would be a lonesome

ace,

Other speakers were Homer 8. Cum-

mings, George S. Graham and Frank IL,
Young. Among those present were Jacob
A. Cantor, Justices John J. Delany and |
{Samuel Seabury, Moses H. Grossman, |
William Grossman, Samuel 8, Koenig,
Charles Kline, John 1D. Lindsay, Clarence
Shearn, Luke D. Stapleton, Lee Shubert,

Samuel Untermyer, Augustus Van Wrek, |
Winthrep Ames, Laura Booth and Mary W!
Sutton

NO CIRCUS COSSACKS THESE. | dangerous insects.

 

The Real Thing tn Sheep&Rin Coats and
Dogskin Hats on Broadway.
Two Cossacks from southern Russia

carrying sabres at their sides and having ae. places.
belts got

unloaded revolvers in their

plus a

“that the

 

| ATTACKS DEADLY MOSQUITO.

| Dr. Willlam = Thayer Tells Hurvelan
| Society of Malarial Campaigns.

| The Harveian Socity, an organi vation

| for the investigation and discussion of

| scientific and medical matters, had its
| last meeting of - season last gigat
j at the New York Academy of Medicias

and listened to an address on * Mosquitoes
}and Their Relation to Malaria.” Dr. Will-
iam Thayer, successor to Dr. Osler at
lee 9g Hopkins, was the speaker

Dr. Thayer began by explaining tat
Dr. Laveran thirty years ato discovered
the malarial parasite and his work was
supplemented by that of Dr. Koasi jifeen
years ago, who found thet the parasite
developed in mosquitoes and (iai tho
fact developed later that the mosquiloes
got their germs from humans and pased
+ them on to other humans by biting them

The country mosquito, he said. bites
at night and in the daytime loafs in saady
| places. Mosquitoes are so fond of tie
jshade, he continued, that if one lines a
j box with dark cloth and leaves the lid
| open in the daytime it forms an excellent
mosquito trap, The mosquiio dies in a
temperature loss than 16 doyresa
Centigrade Its average life is only three
wees,

A main point which should be inpres wef

 

°
of

 

on people was, he said, the nooossity of
an active campaign to get rid of these
Weeds andl under-

brush ought to be cleared up within 100
feet ofgwellings and great care oxercised
}to drain mudholes and damp places near
jhomes. Old tin cans, broken bottles and
even oyster shells which sould hold
8 nan water were good Mosquito
The householder should
be careful to see that there \.ere none

plenty of room from other pedestrians as | around,

they walked up Broadway yesterday.

Their coats were of sheepskin with the | [xmalia, near the

| ‘The speaker pointed to the results ob-
tained in the anti-mosquito campaign at
Suez Canal, where mos-

woolly side in and they wore tall dogskin quito extermination under great difficul-

hats, At Fortieth street Policeman Dob-

bin of the Tenderloin station caught
sight of the firearms and arrested them.
In the Yorkville police court an inter-

preter got their story.
They arrived in this country a week

ago and had found lodging at 322 Kast
looking for
They are Michael Ches-

‘Twenty-fifth street while
employment,
tashvil, 833 years old, and Solomon Paderai,
22 years old, Some of the emigrants
fr om their part of the country had bed
back home that employment was 80 |
easily obtained in this country that no
man need walk the streets idle,
looked for men, and not men for jobs.

So the two had gone promenading on
Broadway in the expectation that em-
ployment agents would pick them u
"hey thought good luck was coming th ale
way, when the man in uniform took them
in charge. Magistrate Freschi postponed
action until to-morrow, holding the
prisoners in $1,000 bail each, and instructed
a olerk to notify the Russian Consul-
General.

 

 

Thread Mill Advances Wages.

°
FALL Riven, Mass., March 23, Following
the example of the cotton cloth mills the

Kerr Thread Mills posted notices of a 10

per cent. advance in wages to-day.
concern is the local
Thread Company,

ton Yarn Company is arranging a schedule
of increased wages for its mills in this city,

This
Plant, of the American

bond quotations to the close of the market.
closing quotations, Including the “bid and asked”
prices, with additional news matter, are con

Ua. Ade,

Jobs |

he New England Cot-

‘The Wall Street edition of THE Evenina sun |
vontains all the Mnanctal news and the stock and after hin wife had bur

The

ined
also in the night and Gna) editions of Tas EVANiNG

ties reduced the deaths fron malaria
from 2,284 in 1900 to 57 in 1905, and the
| same resulta were experienced in Havana,
where the number of fatal cases of malaria
|

 

dropped from 909 in 1897, to 6 in 1909.
He mentioned the educational steps
taken by the Italian and Greek govern-
ments in teaching people how to get rid
of mosquitoes.

Dr. Theodore J. Caneway thanked thie
speaks in behalf of the society and said
t his address brought the season's
work to a fitting close bycombining the
practical with the theoretical,

WANTED BABE TO DIE TOO.

Young Wife, Despondent, Saved by Huse
band and Now a Prisoner.

Mrs. Frances Iver, the young wife of a
driver living on the fourth floor of the
tenement at 309 Kast 134th street, attempted
to kill herself vesterday afternoon in her
home by inhaling illuminating gus because
she had trouple securing work where she
could take along her nursing baby. ‘The
baby wag in her arms when she sat down
in the kitchen of the flat with a gas tube in
her mouth and the gas turned on, Uer
husband dragged her to the street and later
the was locked up charged with felonious
assault as well as attempted suicide. +

Mrs. Iver is 25 years old. Her husband,
Thomas Iver, has been out of work Jor some
time and his wife has been working out
by the day. Many families refused work to
her when they learned she must bring ber
baby along and she became despondent

Iver returned to the house a few winutes
ned the sus on. ble
carried his wife and the ebild out in the
j alr and an anbulance surgeon from. the

Lincoln Hospital brought both around all
right. ‘The woman was taken to the Alex-

is avenue platen, but but later nae coat

Ww iether bab baby