TH

———————

 

but demonstrated that they would not/and counts. Before our musing eye
permit considerations of party politics | passes a Kansas Cassandra, sterner than
to strengthen the hand of the strikers; her London sister. The doom rings in
in their deliberate effort to coerce the} our ears uttered years ago by an implac-
Prime Minister. able Sunflower stateswoman:
But if, thanks to Conservative support,| “Man must be abolished.”

the Government has finally found cour- We hailed the omen and warned the
age to repulse the extreme demands) vintin but in vain. Now the Thames

of the strikers, there remains the plain ;
truth that the prestige of labor leaders, Roca Toor tee as Rag ot
the hopes of organized labor in England | ooh abolished: ee maak may be
and in the world have been materially at and ’ ee
raised by the fact that the pending coal .
strike brought the British Government ear cae ol tes tas ly “facing tor
- i knees and established the Pe him, a regret that he was not the fittes
ple of legislating to aid a single Claes | to survive on this improved planet?
while an economic struggle was atill in}
full progress. |
Thus, the British coal strike, if it ends |
now, really settles nothing. The fail-|
ure of the miners to obtain their extreme
demands is only a failure in detail. Eng-
land has atill to dispose of the problem
of a national boycott and a labor trust
which has once effectually paralyzed
its national and industrial life and
pointed a way which, it must be feared,
will find only too many followers in the
near future,

 

 

SUNDAY,

MARCH 24, 1012.

 

 

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Ciass Mai! Matter.

9

 

Sabscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.
DAILY, Per Month.
DAILY, Per Year
SUNDAY, Per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year. ‘
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month .......

Postage to forcign countries added.
All checks, money orders, &c., to be made pay-
able to THE Sun,

 

The Road.

A week ago to-night Dr. JoHn H.
FINLEY, President of the College of
New York, took his pleasure darkly by
walking from Elizabeth to Princeton
He excited the suspicion of a policeman,
it will be remembered. What did
gravity out of his bed at midnight? Who
but a prowler or a vagabond would
tramp nocturnally the ways of Jersey?
For that matter, there are parts of the
country where a walker by day is an
object of fear or pitied as a lunatic.

Dr. Finitky “did” his thirty miles or
80 in nine hours, good work, time, roads
and stoppages considered; and we heart-
ily salute his sturdiness of leg and lung,
and commend his example to a world
growing legless:

DICKENS would not have thought
much of thirty miles; it would have been
a “freshener,” a regular morning exer-
cise for him; a long, hearty meal of air,
such as he used to drag JAMES T. FIELDS
into taking. Mrs. LANoTrY in her
golden prime used to make twenty miles
a day just as a beautifier. There are
plenty of good walkers still in the world,
but do people hereabouts walk as much
as they used to? The American genius
is peculiarly conventional and average.
Most of our ambulation is done in cars,
surface, elevated, subway or motor
The last, for all its conquests over space
and easy travellings, is bringing up a
luxurious tribe, happy but inclined to
curve and avoirdupois. Americans are
born, s0 to speak, in devil wagons;
nothing is too good or half fast enough
for them; and the fortunate dust their
chariots fling in the faces of the rest of
us does not invite our humbler feet.
Still, a strong dose of wind and sun-
light, a pleasant companion, a tolerable
road, what else does a man need to-day
if he is sure of the mighty meal that his
legs will have promised to his inwards?

On with your legs, to-day, then!

Published dally, including Sunday, by the Sun
Printing and Publishing Association at 170 Nassat
etreet, in the Borough of Manhattan, New York.
President and Treasurer, William C, Retek, 170
Nassau street; Vice-President, Edward P, Mitohell,
170 Nassau street: Secretary, Chester S, Lord, 170

Nassau street.

London office, Effingham House, 1 Arunde! street,
Rtrand.

Paris office, 6 Rue de la Michodiére off Rue du
Quatre Septembre.

Washington office, Hibbs Building.

Brooklyn office, 104 Livingston street.

ecient eee

The Ordeal of Virginia.

The virtues of the mountaineers in
the southern Appalachians are more in
the public ear than is reprobation of the
recall by pistol primary in the Hillsville
county court. The Judge, Common-
wealth Attorney and Sheriff, not to speak
of a juryman or two, being dead and
gone, we now learn what a fine type the
Blue Ridge mountaineer is in spite of
his murderous propensities when he is
crossed; how he stands six feet in his
stockings, fills the eye with his bulk, has
a clear expression and healthy skin, is
amiable when let alone, respects his
father, caresses his wife, trote his chil-
dren on his knee, and professes religion.
Did not old FLoyp ALLEN, restrained of
his liberty, call for a clergyman as well
as a lawyer?

“There is good in these mountaineers,”
says the sociologist, who proposes that
missionaries be diverted from the Sand-
wich Islands and Kwangtung to convert
euch primitive and rugged men to
civilization. Dr. Harvey W. WILEy,
who seems to be an authority on feuds
as well as foods, takes the floor to testify
that they are “the best human speci-
mens to be found in this country to-day
and probably in the world.” Also:

"They have their peculiarities, due to
their environment. Defence of their own
family and of the clan to which they belong
ia the first thing that is taught them. They
are thorougbly honest and all deeply re-
ligious.”

Everybody says they are religious,
whatever that may mean, and going to
church and camp meeting is expected to
cover a multitude of sins; it does in other
parts of the country. Dr. WILEY, as a
law abiding citizen, is shocked by the
clannish deed of shooting a court into
eternity, but “there are great possibili-
ties in this race of niountaineers.” He
reflects, with a certain racial pride, that
“we of southern Indiana birth may not
like to admit it, but the men who did the
shooting in southern Virginia are of the
stock from which we sprung.”

When it comes to stock, manhood,
the original virtues and homespun hon-
esty, there was something no doubt to
be said for Judge Massre, Common-
wealth Attorney Foster and Sheriff
WEBB, and the hunters are kin with the
hunted. It is easy to sentimentalize
about homicides, and there is fascina-
tion for many worthy and harmless
persons in picturesque crime; but is not
the thing being overdone in the case of
the outlaws of the Blue Ridge? Hills-
ville is not the frontier after all, It is
not even a new county town. Its court
house is imposing; regular terms are
held there; and the vicinage is familiar
with Judges, sheriffs, lawyers and court
officers. The railroad is not far off.
Thriving industria] centres like Roanoke
and Wytheville are accessible. Civili-
zation long since came down the valley
of Virginia. Moreover, the Blue Ridge
is not the Great Smoky Mountains.
The Allen “clan” has had far more ad-
vantages than denizens of the Tennessee
fastnesses. Some of its leaders are
men of substance and carry their heads
high. They do not live in huts and
caves, but know the comforts, and even
the refinements, of the civilization that
is supposed to have passed them by.
They take the weekly paper, they use
the telephone. They would resent the
judgment that they were crude, primi-
tive, ignorant, and needed the miasion-
ary. That they are lawless is not ex-
plained by their social condition. What
the law is, what it represents, what it
demands of them, they know very well.
The good wife of FLOYD ALLEN lamented
that a gun was ever made.

The fact is there has been a great deal
of drivel about these “mountaineers”
of the Blue Ridge. They committed
deliberately an unprovoked crime that
staggered an ordered civiJization, and
it is no case for sentiment ‘and pane-
gyrica upon a fineold stock. The ques-
tion is not whether the ALLENS and their
accomplices have redeeming traits, but
whether they shot down with intent to
kill the officers of the county court at
Hillsville. They should be well and
truly tried, vigorously but without vin-
dictiveness. The Commonwealth of
Virginia will be on trial as well as the
defendants.

 

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
wish to have rejected articles returned they
@eust tn all cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

 

ee ee oe

Pay of the Marine Hospital Service.

A bill to raise the pay of the medical
officers of the Marine Hospital Service
has been approved by the Senate and is
now in the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the House of Representatives.
The amount involved is so trifling that
it would seem unnecessary to advocate
the passage of this bill, in view of the
fact that the achievements of the officers
of the Marine Hospital Service have re-
dounded to the glory of our country
and have contributed to the protection
of our people against disease and death
in many instances. Not less than four-
teen officers in this department have
heen attacked by yellow fever while in
performance of their duties, and six of
these have succumbed to the disease.
With but three exceptions all the quaran-
tine stations are under the care of the
Marine Hospital Service, and the work
done and information obtained by its
alert and capable officers in foreign
stations have contributed to the safe-
guarding of our ports of entry against
cholera, typhus and bubonic plague in
recent years. The value of a permanent
supply of trained officers for these duties
cannot be overestimated, for whenever
an epidemic is threatened theaa officers
are ready to assume charge of the quar-
antine work at any point without special
preparation, just as officers of the army
and navy are in readiness for service
in their special branches. Why the
salaries of the Marine Hospital officers
have been lower than those of the army
and navy is inexplicable except on the
ground that in its earlier history the
former was a secondary branch and not
under military discipline.

Under the direction of the late Dr.
WALTER WYMAN and his able adjutants,
however, the service has become one of
the most efficient branches of the Gov-
ernment and its scientific work is second
tonone other. The pay of these officers
should equal that of the army and navy
medical officers.

The bill having in view this act of
fairness should pass the House, as it
passed the Senate, without objection
and without delay.

 

The Permanent Orchestra.

Music has come to possess a particular
significance when provided in the form
of symphonic concerts. Not only does
the permanent orchestra, which it is at
present the ambition of every Western
city to maintain, afford msthetic delight
to the inhabitants. It represents to the

perity and enlightenment now ac-
counted valuable to the repute of a
community. Alert boomers of a city's
“attractions” point with pride to its
permanent orchestra. It has come to
be a distinguishing mark of the progres-
sive town to-day.

There seems to be one other incentive
to the creation of a musical body to
be described as a permanent orchestra,
Ita founders and usually its supporters
must be generous persons, wealthy and
public spirited, since the community that

The Consequences of the British Coal
Strike.

The fair promise that the British coal
strike is on the point of settlement must
be a welcome announcement for mill-
ions of Englishmen. For if the actua}
privation incident to the great labor
disturbance has so far been compara-
tively slight, it is not less apparent that
for millions the period in which their re-
sources could endure the strain is ended,
and any prolongation of the existing
condition must {insure starvation and
incidental disorder.

The possibility that the strike may be
settled without further or indeed any
final legislative action is equally certain
to please the large fraction of thought-
ful Englishmen who have looked upon
the sudden and forced appeal to statute
enactment to compose an economic dif-
ference as bad in principle and incal-
culably dangerous as a precedent.

If, as now seems likely, a private
agreement is reached between mine own-
ers and workmen, meeting the demand
of the miners for a minimum wage, it is
plain that the whole British nation will
rejoice. The prompt return of the coal
miners to work, which will follow such
an agreement, will thus terminate what
amounts to a complete paralysis of not
one but all national industries.

Yet no relief can blind Englishmen to
the fact that the present strike is bound
to have consequences even graver than
those of the moment. For the first
time a country has been subjected to the
experience of a national strike. For, if
only the coal miners actually quit work
in anger, their cessation deprived most
other industries of the coal necessary
to their operation. The power of one
class of workmen to stop, to interrupt
the industrial life of a nation has thus
been demonstrated.

The course of the Liberal Government
must, too, awaken apprehenaion for the
future. Since its political necessities
compelled it to reckon with the votes
of a Labor contingent in Parliament,
the Asquith Ministry deliberately and
unmistakably permitted itself to be
coerced, presented to Parliament leg-| grettable sentiment whose punishment
islative remedies which many of  its| Mra, DESPARD, a London suffragette of
leaders frankiy disapproved, which | the light bringing and window smash-
were plainly procured by the unpleasant | ing class, utters 60 temperately yet with
process of threats and violence on the !& so horrendous clearness:
part of the strikers

out calls on its guarantors can scarcely
be said to exist to-day. But their whole
satisfaction is not derived from the en-
joyment of the music, ner yet from the
reputation that the orchestra gives to
their city. A large part of their civic
pleasure seems to come from the suc-
ceas of their players when they come
before a metropolitan public.

So it happens that few permanent
orchestras are too remote from this
city to make a journey to Fifty-seventh
street. Carnegie Hall is irresistible to
them. It makes no difference how far
off it may seem when the permanent
orchestra is founded out of town, Car-
negie Hall is its ultimate goal. Once it
has achieved that historic podium and
won praise, the permanent orchestra
is more of a credit to its city than ever.
The home town may be prouder of it
than it was before and may be safe in
the assurance that no mistake has been
made in admiring its players. So these
artistic journeys from various parts of
the country grow more frequent every
year. The number of permanent or-
chestras is increased by the addition of
a new town or two every season. The
benediction of success in New York city
is prized as much as ever. All the
good purposes that a permanent or-
chestra may accomplish for the town of
its nativity are increased after its visit
to this town and its approval by the
judges and public here.

Theé Frenoh ship that took seven days
to cross the Bay of Biscay furnished a
moving illustration of the horrors of the
Peninsular war

It was EMERSON, we believe, who first
suggested the “daily ship” Herr BaLiin
now advocates.

 

The genuine Hoosier is found only
southern Indiana, Dr. H, W, Wixky.

Nonsense; the genuine Hoosier is found
wherever the Hon. JoHN W. Kern hap-
pens to be when the census is taken.

 

The Doom of Mere Man.

We wish to absolve ourselves from
any suspicion of complicity in the re-

 

 

The President has called upon Attor-
ney-General WICKERSHAM to define “mu-
nitions of war” as used in the Mexican
proclamation. Meanwhile the embargo
againat the exportation of food and cloth-
ing has been raised at El Paso, It would
be interesting to know who was responsi-
ble for giving such a strict construction
to the terms of the proclamation, Colo-
nel E. Z. SYTEKVER, in command of the
post, gets his orders from the War Depart-

ment, but no doubt cooperates with the
ould have guaranteed | continued refusal of woman's demands for | eustome officers, who are responsible to

to the mine owners that military pro-| her just and equitable rights will resultin|the Treasury Department. The pre-
tection which would have enabled them | a direful ending.” sumption is that some one in authority
to operate their mines and thus have} To some of us there is almost a melan- | #t Washington, and not officials or officers
contributed to the erushing of the strike | choly pleasure in this foreboding of the | at El wean, seclanse food tobe a munition
by conflict rather than to avoiding it | > M N i of war in this case.
Ae oy ' & | fate of Mere Man. He is not and he Excess of veal perhaps accounts for the
y arbitracion. Giit of power, the Con- | cannot come to good; and Mrs, DESPARD blunder. There is no other name for a
servatives contented themselves with | seeks to save him from a destiny which | course which if i i

persisted in would have
criticising the weakness of the Liberals, | he has deserved on many other grounds

“If man refuses to recognize woman as

A Conservative Ministry, actually in| his equal in every way, war, and bloody war
power, would unquestionably have de-| at that, must result, I predict that the feel-
clined to accept even the color of acting | ing of hatred which must inevitably follow
under coercion;

 

Mee a et

 

reduced innocent moneonbitants to the

 

outside world a standard of civic pros- |

can maintain such an organization with-

SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1912.

 

| verge of starvation. What is a munition
of war depends upon the precedents of
international law, and Mr. WICKERSHAM
may have some difficulty in making clear
from the precedents that food has been
regarded as a munition of war in the case
of insurgents engaged in guerrilla warfare
against their Government. In numerous
past disorders in Mexico the, United States
has laid no embargo on fdod, nor been
éxpected to. The President really has a
free hand in thia matter, but it would be
just as well to exercise, with the sanction
of international law, the authority Con-
grees has given him.
_—_S——

UNIT COST OF FOOD.
tt Should Not Be More Than 18 Cents a
Day in the Mechanic's Family.

To THE Epivor oF THe SUN~—Sir: Ina
recent interview with the warden of the
Eastern Penitentiary of Pennsylvania |
was much interested in hia statement that
it cost 114 cents a day a man to feed his
prisoners. An inspection of the bakery,
kitchen, store rooms and cold storage re-
vealed an almost perfect sanitary condition,
The prisoners tell me they are well fed,
and their appearance by no means belies it.
Their age and condition would indicate that
they consume rather more food than the
average of men, women and children out-
side

As the labor of preparing the food and
serving it is done wholly by prisoners and
the State maintains the prison there are no
overhead charges, and as the warden buys
in fairly large quantities we have here an
indisputable and continuous record of the
food cost to sustain a healthy man under
favorable conditions,

If itagats only 11°5 centa a day to feed a
healthy man is it not interesting to inquire
what overhead charges are placed upon
every one’s living, and how much or how
little the present “high cost of food” has to
do with the matter? My impression is that
if we add the middleman’s profit (1 mean
the grover, for the prison buys no cheaper
than a fairly shrewd groceryman), we shall
not find the cost a day of food necessary to
sustain # healthy person to be above 15
cents

A mechanic earns $250 a day ‘That {is
about the average earning in the large cities
Say there are four mouths to feed; that
would be 15 cents each or 60 centa, leaving
$190 for other expenses. The food item
in this household is then only one-quarter
of the outlay: the rest is rent, clothing and
management

The average cost of feeding a prisoner
in the French prisons is given at a franc
and a half, or 40 cents, a day under condi-
tions similar to those in the Eastern Peni-
feutlary. A French mechanic doesn’t earn
$2.50 a day by any means, vet I have ob-
served that he lives pretty well. His food
must cost more than our mechanic pays,
as if costs more to feed French prisoners
Wherein lies the difference? A little in the
rent, some in clothing, not much; but the
greater item is household management
This is the discouraging feature of our
problem, not the high cost of food

The household expenditure is mainly in
the hands of the housewife, and the house-
wives of to-morrow are the shopgirls of
to-day Can anvthing be done to educate
them as the average girl is educated in
France? If so it is in that direction we
must look for bettering the family condi-
tion, by teaching these girls to become efi-
cient and frugal housewives. And herein
lies a great opportunity for some rich
philanthropist, vastly greater than endowing
another university It is wholly practi-
cable, and it would be found that the girls
themselves would rejoice in {t, as the fond
dream of every one of them is a home of
her own and to know how to keep it

PHILADELPHIA, March 230 HOG H

THE

SSP SSS A aD

|
|

 

Religious Unity.
‘To TA® Eprror or THk SuN—Sir; I am
at ove with your correspondent H. W.
Henderson in his rejoicing over Japan's
proposed triune religion, consisting of
Shintoiam, Buddhism and Christianity.
For those who are students of comparative
religions and thus perceive the fundamental
likenesses of religions such news is cheering.
It meana one step toward cooperation and
}away from proselytism and discord, Such
!cooperation would cause each religion to
} gain from its tontact with the others, while
in no wise lessening the vital and particular
message of each
| H. W. Henderson is correct; theosophists
have worked for this untiringly for many
years, Their ideal is asplendid one, worthy
of profound respect. In the following
quotation Mrs. Besant, president of the
Theosophical Society, puts it in a nutshell:
“Theosophy goes to all religions as a peace-
maker: its first work is to try to bring about
a brotherhood of religions, not destroying
any, not trying to make any less potent,
but endeavoring to transforin them from
rivals to brothers, so that they may become
one mighty family instead of warring and
separate creeds,”
Let us work for cooperation, which is
brotherhood, which is love, which is God.
HoLtmMaN HoLnroon
New Yorg, March 23.

Dog Found.

To Tae Eprtorn oF THR SUN-.Sir; Lately I
lostadog. As he wena good watchdog and would
bark furlously when any one attempted to wake
me from my afternoon nap I advertised for him.
Any one who has lost what he thinks fs a valuable
dog and advertises for Its recovery geta to know
quite a lot about dogs very quickly. He will find
out (nat a spavioe | mongre) is considered a good
substitute for a Scotch terrier, and wlll be assured
that his lost pet is anytalog froma stwlen retriever
to.8 debilitated chow chow, In fact a lost dog
possesses the faculty of a metamorphosis hitherto
unsuspected by gclentiNo Investigators,

Allow me to state that I have found my dog,
and have come to the conclusion that though a
dog may be well mean|nug he ts usually an ass.
A catis seldom well meaning, but it has, the female
especially, an intellect which would rival the
complete French Chamber of Deputies or even
our own Congress. Stull, 1 have made up my mind
to sell my dog, as he seems w have forgotten me
during his vacation. He actually made a dash
for me, by mistake bo doubt, but | threw off my
overcoat and then turned into a freebooter, |
am now searching for a dog like the one we see
aud read of in magazines, for he is perfection.

FLaTBUSH, March 25 1. TM,

_——$—_$_$_————————T

 

Sociology Must Be Preserved.

TO THE EDITOR OP THE SUN--Sir; I can'tagree
with “ET. W.” that there Is any missionary work
tw be done in this country that equals in im-
portance the teaching of the Chinese women not
to pinch thelr little feet and to stop wearing
comfortable costumes and the Chinese men to
wear “Prince Alberts,”

It is obvious that teaching the men and women
of China how to dress tn our easy and artistic
way will do more real good than attempting to
enlighten the unfortunate people of the mountain
districts of Virginla and Vermont,

Then, too, soclology must be preserved In its
most fantastle form.

James 1). DEWBLL, Jr,

New Haven, Conn, March 23,

 

8. G, OL80,

TO THE K.DITOR OF THE SUN--Sir; One word
of praise for Subway Guard 0190, a perfect gen-
tleman, 1 have travelled on the subway sine
its opening, but have never had the pleasure oF
meeting such & courteous, gentlemanly guard
as 0100, The Interborough should put him at the
head of a class of new men to instruct them in
politeness, G. L. DEVRRBALL.

BROOKLYN, March 2%

The Farallones.
They seem to call in stren tones
From out & summer sea
The Faraliones, the Faralloues'
‘Thither ! tong to flee,

I reck not who the title owns
‘To field and stream and tree

The Farallones, the Faraliones
My fancy holds in fee,

Enjewelled in the tropic zones,
Or wheresoe'er they be

The Faraliones, the Farallones
The name's enough for me

a

(Pshaw! 1 must drop my rhyming “pont
I'm told they cali them “Far-al-yo-nes."
Mavaics Moan.

 

 

  

 

a ee.

ae ee

MORGAN SILVER ART
OBJECTS IN PORT?

Fourth Shipment, Exhibits From
Iondon, Supposed to Be
on the Celtic.

 

WOMAN SUFFRAGE.

THE PANAMA CANAL. |

—

Brief Untechnical Deseription by a Re-|A Momentous Economic, © Social and
cent Visitor. Political Question to Be Pondered.

To rae Eprror or Tue Sun—Sir: The} To Tar Epitor oF Tak Sun—Sir: The
canal is forty miles in length from shore | editorial article in this morning's Sun on
to shore and fifty miles from deep water | Woman suffrage is almost if not actually
to deep water. Entering at Limon Bay | the only statement which approaches the
on the Atlantic side it is sea level for a| question in the right, that is to say the
distance of seven miles to Gatun, where | rational spirit, and it is a gratifying sign
is the enormous dam, a mile and a half| that such an editorial article should ap-
long by half a mile wide at base. pear just at this time, when the air is 60

This impounds the watershed of the! full of emotional excitement, of partisan
Ch4gres River and other streams, cover-| outcry. The change sought by the suffra-
ing a basin of 1,320 square miles, mak-| gists at the hands of the men is economi
ing a lake which with the nearly nine| cally so important, politically so radical
miles of the Culebra cut to Pedro-Miguel| and socially so far reaching that it de-
vould be about thirty-five mies long, | mands the most serious consideration at
containing 164 square miles, which would their hands, a consideration which should
be somewhat larger than Lake Oneida, the absolutely disregard whether women
largest body of water in New York State “want it” or not, and deal simply with the

From sea level up to the lake above is | question itself, its wisdom, itsexpediency,
a lift of eighty-five feet, divided into three | its justice.
steps or locks, each 1,000 feet long ty 110] The burden of proving these three
feet wide. For economy of water each| things naturally rests upon those who
lock is subdivided by gates into chambers | demartd the change, but it is impossible
of 400 and 600 {eet each, These three! to persuade them to discuss the matter
locks are an exact twin of li e series, | dispassionately or to keep them to the
so that traffic may be accommodated in| point at all. Diatribes against existing
either direction at the same time. | oats | laws in distant States, which they declare,
will be towed through the locks by elec- often truly no doubt, should be changed,
trie locomotives running on cog rails; are not arguments for woman suffrage.
laid on the tops of the lock walla. Similar laws have been changed in States

This Gatun Lake will cover fully one-| having only male suffrage, and bad laws
third of the Canal Zone of 448 souare|in States having woman suffrage stand
miles and about two-thirds in length of | unchanged. All these things are only
the conal proper. While in the lake ves-; by the way. The real questions are: Js it
sela ay steam at full speed for adistance | wise to put sex into politics? Is it ex-
of twenty-four miles, and it will require| pedient to double the cost of elections
about ten hours in transit from ocean to| simply to double the vote? Is it just to
ocean, and three of these passing through ; Jay upon the childbearing half of human-
the locks. ity the stress of political life and its desired

There will be six double locks, three} (by the suffragiste) burden of official life,
pairs on the Atlantic side at Gatun with a| which must either prevent maternity alto-
combined lift of 85 feet and three pairs| gether or interfere with its proper ad-
on the Pacific side, one pair at Pedro-| ministration?

Miguel with a lift of 301-3feet and two] We who are opposed to woman suffrage
paira at Miraflores with a combined] ask with profound seriousness that the
lift of 54 2-8 feet. The usable dimensions |men who are to decide this question re-
of all the locks are the same, a length of | flect well upon it, study it deeply, and not
1,000 feet and a width of 110 feet. dismiss it lightly as though it were a

The water surface of the lake during| matter of uo importance.
the wet season will be maintained at 87| Remember this too: Fatherhood inter-
feet, and at 85 feet during the dry season. |feres with no public duty; motherhood
The minimum channel depth in the canal | must, and it is only begging the question
is 47 feet, and as 41 feet is a)l that is re-| to say that because some women are wage
quired for navigation there will be stored | earners therefore all women should vote.
for the dry season, three months, a surplus | The suffrage arguments (?) are full of such
of five feet and over, which will supply | irrelevancies.

‘the electrical power necessary in the| It is because personally I have been so
operation of the gates and towage of the | amazed by the avoidance of the real issue,
boats through the locks. This power | by the extraordinary to-do and excitement
will be generated at the spillway, which} which the suffragists have been able to
is situated nearly midway of the dam./create on so slight a basis, and by the
The spillway is 1,200 feet long by 300 feet | danger of an entire misapprehension of
wide. This is fitted with gates and ma-|the gravity of the situation which this
chinery for regulating the water level of} avoidance and this excitement have
the lake brought about, that I welcome your edi-

During the rainy season torial as a significant sign of a sane and
mum runoff from the above watershed | statesmanlike consideration of the ques-
of 1,320 square miles would fill the lake] tion at issue.
one and one-half times, thus furnishing Whatever may be the conclusion of the
during the rainy season an immense] men who are finally to decide this matter,
let them at least study it with the serious-
ness its importance deserves.

Lucy P. Scorr.

New York, March 21.

 

 

 

NOTABLE WORKS IN GRoOTPp

 

Chalices, Silver Cups and Shrines Fron
Cathedral Towns in New
Consignment.

The White Star liner Celtic, whici ar.
rived here last night from Liverpoo),
has on board, according to recent Lon
don despatches, the fourth consignine:
of art objects of the J. Pierpont Morga;
collection, which ia being transported
from London and Paria to the United
States. They are not on the ship's mani
fest. The shipment was to include the first
cases of silver and silver gilt art objects,
which formerly were displayed in the
Victoria and Albert Museum, South
Kensington, London, These silver art
works are considered among the most
valuable treasures in the collection.

The shipment comprises numeroim
chalices; silver cups and shrines from
cathedral towns of Europe. Some of
these examples of art date back to the
thirteen and fourteenth centuries and
also include later specimens of the fifteenth
and sixteenth centuries. The work of
Spanish, Italian, French, German and
Bohemian artisans is represented in the
entire silver collection made by Mr. Mor-

Of note in the silver collection is
a magnificent silver gilt pax, composed
of an architectural facade, ornamented
with paintings, surmounted with rock
crystal, precious stones and panels of
enamel. It is one of the treasures from
the Victoria and Albert Museym. The
central panel, rectangular and curved
at the top, represents the Adoration of
the Magi and is a painting on the reverse
side of a plaque of rook crystal. It iy
said to be of Italian workmanship of the
late fifteenth century, but some critics
consider it a French work. Among the

rea represented are those of the Vir-
, the Divine Child, St. Joseph and
others of the ee and apostles.

Another silver gilt pax wit centrai

el of Verre Eglomise represents «
adonna and Child enthroned with four
sainte. The arms on this pax are those
‘of the famous family of Renucci of Mon-
talcino and Villa Leonina, both near
Siena. According to local tradition this

pax came originally from Montalcino,
a@ quaint little Cathedral city in the Monte
Amiata district. It is said to be an Italian
work of the late fifteenth consury,

An Italian example also of the fifteent)
century is a silver gilt pax with elaborate
ornamentation, and a panel on which is
represented in wrought gold and in hich
relief the scene of t lation, Ac-
cording to the chroniclers this pax at one
time was a treasure in a cathedral) in the
kingdom of Aragon.

The chalices include a silver gilt example
with plaques of Basse-Taille enamel! on
silver, a Sienese work of the fourteenth
century, decorated with a series of me-
dallions. There is aiso a chalice of silver
gilt enriched with enamel, a Spanish work
of the early seventeenth century. Another
chalice of silver gilt, with enamel decora-
tion, is of Bohemian workmanship of the
sixteenth century.

A rare reliquery of enamelled parce!
gilt and richly jewelled is composed of
two plates of gold, on which are repre-
sented doves in relief supported on a stem
formed of a figure of the Mater Doloros:.
standing on the world,with crescent moor
included in the ornamentation, the whole
mounted on a diamond shaped base. Ir
is a Spanish work of the seventeenth
century, and was mounted during the
Spanish occupation of the Low Countries

A standing figure of the Virgin and
Child is in silver, parcel gilt. The Virgin
is shown standing upon a pedestal, a
Spanish example of the fifteenth century.

Among other objects in the collection
just in are a silver gilt portable shrine
of French workmanship, a small silver
reliquary of the thirteenth century and
several silver medallions of early type
It is said that a number of important
additions to the Morgan collection have
been made since these works were cata-
logued, and therefore the exact number
and description of the full group is not
known definitely yet.

the maxi-

amount o

developing an enormous power.

I was in the Canal Zone in the summer of
1888, before much was known of sanita-
tion, and when Colon, or Aspinwall as it
was first called, consisted of Front street
and Bottle alley, with a fringe of native
huts a little way out. Stagnant, miasmatic
waters were everywhere breeding myriads
of mosquitoes, and the wonder was not

a
PHILOSOPHY DEFENDED.

The Morality of Science Contrasted With
is That of Theology.

‘to THE Epiror or Tue Scen—Sir: I
cannot let the enclosed clipping from Tuk
Sun of March 17 go unrebuked:

The Rev. Edward Gregory Fitzgerald of the
Dominican order of priests decried the substitu
tlon of philosophy for theology in this country,
saying that the nations most skilled In philosophy
have had the most shocking moral conditions,
and that “if we revert toa pagan standard In
theory we will soon follow in practice.”

Emerson has stated that most men who
think themselves religious are only bilious;
but the Rev. E. G. Fitzgerald is worse than
suffering from a recalcitrant liver: his
sense of accuracy has gone wrong. The
“shocking” conditions of to-day are very
nearly as pronounced as in centuries gone
by, and they are jugt aa characteristic of
within chureh circles as without them
and the fact stands boldly forth that the
Chureh has had twenty centuries in which
to remedy universally admitted evils and
has signally failed

If we cafefully follow the career of the
world it will be seen, and must be admitted,
if we have due regard to the truth, that
“philosophy” has enabled man in his best
estate to lessen the ills of life,and that the

 

Doubtless it never was completely at that
I was much impressed with De Lesseps's
work. He had altered his plans from a
expected to have the canal in’ operation
The present Colon is now high and dry
streets and roads macadamized. Statisti-
If Uncle Sam will allow building in the
Isthmus will soon become a
Gatun will be dotted with sailboats, as
the constant trade winds would make

that they had Chdgres and yellow fever
time. On my trip this menth I neither
inside of eight years. The year following
above sea level, the swamp filled in
cally it is as healthy as any similar sized
Zone the

ideal sailing. ‘There would be many fine

|
but that the place was ever free from it.
saw nor felt the pestiferous insect.
sea level to a lock canal, and confidently
(1889) he failed.
and its boundaries gwatly enlarged, the
town North of about 20,000 population,
great winter resort. Beautiful Lake
places along the shores and many =|

n Church has opposed) every forward . i 2
tages and bungalows picturesquely lo-| und fattened on preventing its, victims ot ie Updaretood that the next ahi nt
cated among the hills of perpetual green. | from rising to the real estate of dignitied | Of @ ¢ bat dt like} ry ae zea upon
I understand, though, our Uncle will manh Vhe world has advanced jn | #8 yet, Dut it is er 0 CO rise more
>. - . ore apite of theology, not because of it; and | of the decorative works in the Kensington
insist on a strictly military Zone. So all| those who are theologically fettered’ who | Museum.

become real men do so in proportion as
they break loose from their enthrallment,
There never was, there never can be, an
exception to this rule
The Rev. Mr. Fitvgerald casts a slur upon

present day scientifi©c men, implying their

morality is not equal to that of his recious |*
self, for instance, Too generally, {it is sad
to state, the difference between philosophical
and theological morality is that between
the lily on the surface of the pond and the
mud that lies beneath the water Modern
science knows too well what man really
is and what he really needs to tolerate the
priests’ interference in the pursuit of know!-
edge or in imparting it. It is philosophy,
not theology, that makes hospitals a poss{-
bility. i is sanitation, not mummery, that
effects a cure It is philosophy that has
exploited this planet, and would have

there will be open to us will be the cities

of Colon and Panama, which are excluded

from the Zone but in which the United

States can enforce sanitary regulations
and maintain public order.

Cuarues Ricnarps Maks,

Boston, March 23.

The Celtic, which arrived here last
night, was overdue, and on account of
the lateness of the hour when she docked
no cargo will be removed from the ship
until Monday.

Capt. Hambleton and Purser Brewer
of the Celtic said that no art treasures

ad been manifested. Among the Cel
tic's passengers were R. R. Brott, one o
the secretaries of W. Morgan Shuster
in Persia, and Frank Whitney, auditor
of Persian finances.

TO PUSH WAGNER SUBWAY BILL

Joys ef the Country.

To THE F.vIToR OF THE SUN—Sir: Month after
month I have received from a friend a series of
cordial invitations to visit him on a Sunday at his
suburban home, When every evasion or excuse
was exhausted ['made the Journey. After waik-
ing over @ inile from the station I reached his

 

 

Bronx Delegation Going to Albany

place, the house standing a short distance back explolter, If long ago but for ¥ hat’ The-| ~~Emergency Lights Ordered for Cars .
m the street. ology ue cay no more be denied than Bor re ‘ty Cc. Miller «f
“ the lawn was seta sign beautifully lettered existence while it lasts can be denied. ‘The ough President Cyrus Mille

The Bronx will go up to Albany on Tues-
day with thirty members of the Bronx
Transit Association to attend the hearing
on the Wagner subways bill, They ail
favor the measure and will tell how they
feel,

In the party besides Mr. Miller will be
John Tatlock, president of the Westchester
Avenue Bank; Olin J, Stephens, ex-presi-
dent of the North Side Board of Trade
and vice-president of the Bronx Transit
Association; EK, B, Boynton, chairman «f
the transit committee of the North Side

Rev. Mr. Fitzgerald can cloud the air about
him with a torrent of protest, as the cuttle-
fish blackens the water into which it retires
but facts are not affected by any opposing
efforts of any man or set of men Herain
modern science has an immense advantage
It seeks no champion’ it needs none. ;

Theological morality is only genuine
when it unreservedly accepts fhat which
philosophy approves Of the other sort
the world has sickened. It has heen the
origin of all that has cursed mankind since
manhood emerged trom apehood. Philosophy
wholly frees us from the bestial Theology
retains it in part and strives in vain to con-

“Beware of the Tog.” ‘The animal was there
and eyed me greedily, as though to commence
e@perations at my conventence of entry. 1 cried
aloud and vainly the name of my enemy friend,
at which the dog made an attempt to scale the
fence for 4 more intimate acquaintance, and I fur-
nished a correct imitation of Bight
Now, I want to know If it would be tndelicate
for me to break the neck of my friend after gen-
eral reference to the dog. or avoid further men-
tion of the incident? PRGPLEXITY
New Yorg, March 28,

 

 

| {rol ie, Rone ohbrch hen have been great, poate pt rage i Jote 8. Steeves, presi-
yut only a ose intervals w dent o e Chure a. G Company,

In the Log Cabin Campaign. to be Upurchmen Phicsenhy er wages lumber dealers ; Wiliam ‘Henderson. J
To fae EDITOR OF THE SUN--Sir; “Stoughton | stooped to bitterness T. I. Hadden, R.° EB, Simon, W. R, Mes-
bottle” is defined as “a stupid person, figurehead, a _ CHARLES CONRAD ABBOTT senger, secretary of the Bronx Transit
dolt, 80 called from the black or dark green bot- IneNTON, N. J., March 23 Association, and Willlam Germain. The
tles of Dr, Stoughton’s bitters, shaped like a log -_-_—_ oo party will go in a special car attached

 

to the Fast Mail on the New York Cen-

cabin and used in the Presidential dampaign of t

1840," Undoubtedly the term, used in contempt,
designated the condition of those who partook
freely of Dr, Stoughton’s panacea,
FRANK H, VizerK.ty.
New Yorg, March 23,

A Hooster “Shower,”

Greenfeld correspondence Indianapolis News

A novel “shower” for a newly wedded couple
was given last night to Mr. and Mrs. Alvah Keats,
it was called a “chicken shower” and each of the

elahty guesis presented the couple with # tive! cars will not be in darkness, The remeds
chicken, ‘They received elghty hens and two] suggested is the installation of storax:
cockerels, enough to stock thetr farm batteries and it is provided that provision

-_ | must be made that the Ights from these

ral,

The Public Service Commission issued
an order yesterday directing the l[ntel-
borough Company to provide its sub
cars with an emergency Mghting system
so that in the event of an accident

 

 

 

For Still the Steughten Broeds Above the
Bar,

 

To THR EpIToR oF THE SuUN—Sir: Pleasures of Education to Lowa.

Stoughton netiories engl wort AMomareally (0, ase
bitters are still used in some of the old English ; 5 of a breakdown 0 the regular lighting
barrooms of thiscity, and [Wave seen the name on From the Bloomfeld Independen power,

 

Miss Xera Swinney closed a very successful
six months term of school at North Star Friday,
A basket dinner was enjoyed by all. Music Was

furnished on the graphophone by A, J Black,

and the latter part of the afternoon was spent!
in clphering
_ _Twe Manhattan Street Names, hata Church in Rondout, made vacant
TO THR EDITOR OF THE SUN~Sir; There ars! by the death of Mer. Richard L, ures
two streets of this city that interest me, the origin has been filled by the appointment of (he
of whose names I have never seen explained. Rey. John J, Hickey, the successful co!

They are Carmine street and Attorney street,
New York, March 24, OLD NEW YorkgER, Taek 12k gpntenene Reid ob March

the bottles, which are used with a cork and small

tube with which to put a few drops in whiskey,

brandy and #0 on, HW.
PrrrssunG, March 23,

 

The Rev. Father John J. Hickey Goes to
St. Mary's at Roudout.
‘The irremoyable rectorship of St. Mary's

 

 

A Modern Instance.
A Chicago Judge fines his wife for contempt of
court, ~ News them,
In daya of ancient Rome the noble Brutus
Refused to spare his well beloved son
Who broke his edict—though he came re-

 

 

 

 

iolcin oiiineaeeins es in Cathedral Hall,
ae ie ; Father Hickey was born forty-one seu's
Weighted with spoils of victory nobly Ethereal Mildness in Cold Storage. ago in the old Ninth ward, ee hota ind
won ‘TO THR EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; Any oue| be ls & graduate of St. Francis Xavier Col
been kickin’ that groun'hog aroun’? ‘oge sh Loat Bixteratn BLINey, and at
So, too, we read how Saul, the earliest mon. | GUNTER Spain. | Dice he Wan ardained crieat Jie ®. 1n9s
th Moon? VERNON, March 23, R Lae Oe eeT ee oe ne
aren 2 ince his ordination Father Hickey has bec!
| Of Israel's twelve tribes, condemned to eee associated with St. Mary's Chureh, Rondout,
| die Vernal Diversions. “ an sagiatant priest ang at me Patrick
; Kr the Louisville C Chure n hiteport &® charge ori!
| His firs) Sore, denathen, although he spared BS se he Lowissiile Cetatoenlournal, to his promotion te the rectorablo of 8
AUre Have odes to cing Mary's Was the pastorate of Si. eters

| In deference to his hosts’ protesting cry Write verses by the quire Church in Rosendale,
«.

In sprip — --=+
Amunisen to Lecture tn January.
WasHINoton, March 23.——Capt. Amar
sen will deliver his” first leeturs
Amertea, deseribing bis diseaverys of
south pole before the National Gieoarap
Sovlety next January, according to a)
announcement made by the organisatioa

|
And now behold we have a modern compeer |
A ruler of the true Draconian sort,
Who fines bis wife without the least com
punction,

Because she wants to boss him in hia
court!

The young men prate of love,
Gay blossoms bring

‘To lay before some dove
In spring

|
|
lt
|

 

ities

 

‘The housewives paint and serub,
Much whitewash sling,
feed on

Q@ronor B, Monawoon. | : mn spring. _