ma

 

conflict in his first
war.

 

—_—

 

BRCKER PUT TO
| DBATH SAYING
TM INNOCENT

Meets End Praying, With
Picture of Wife Pinned
Next to Heart.

BUNGLING AT LAST
ADDS GREWSOMENESS

 

 

Guards Fail to Buckle Chest
Strap and Body Slips
Forward,

 

FUNERAL SET FOR
10 O'CLOCK MONDAY

 

Widow Prostrated When}
Body Is Bronght From
\s Prison to Her Home.

ae

’
Charies Becker was put to death in

the electric chair at Sing Sing soon
after dawn yesterday morning for the
murder of a State's witness, Herman
Rosenthal. During the sleepless night
which preceded his end Becker had
pigned a formal declaration of inno-
cence which he was to have delivered
prally to the witnesses who faced him
go he sat in the death chair.

But as he led the way in a dazed
manner Into the death chamber, his
drawn cheeks a grayish olive tinge,
these who had to be there to watch
him die felt that he had been well ad-
vised by good friends who finally had
persuaded him while he was awaiting
the dawn not to try to speak his
thoughts to the rows of young men
whose eyes he met for a moment as he
shambled into the room.

He walked steadily enough, but
fright seemed to have dulled a bit his
sense of place, of direction. He stepped
somewhat too far out in front of the
electric chair, murmurming brief re-
lgious aspirations in a voice that grew |
weaker and more uncertain as frac-
tions of seconds dragged on, and then
with an uncertain, undulating a

'

 

ment of his head he found the chair
with a backward glance and slightly
to his right and sat down in it.

Voice Becomes Husky.

Most of all the quaver in his voice
showed how close his big boned frame
was to collapse.

“Jesus, Mary and Joseph assist me
in my last agony,” he echoed the lit-
tle prayer the priests near him were
saying. “Lord have mercy on us!
Christ have mercy on us!” he repeated
end repeated in a short, choppy way.

The words as Becker said them

Might have been the rapid repetition
of a hypnotic formula. They came
faster and faster as seconds passed,

Year crowding them into a low quaver
of sound as he was strapped into the
chalr—strapped with so much excited
hurry on the part of the guards that
‘unnecessary horror was added to the
last moments of the scene.

His voice grew huskier as it be-
came less audible. He tried to clear
it with a short, hard cough as the
black robed arm of Father Cashin ad-
vanced across the chair to place a
crucifix momentarily against the
doomed man's lips. There was no
fervency, seemingly no understanding,
on Becker's part of the act as he
pressed his lips against the cnoss—
rather as the crucifix was placed
Ggainst his ips by the priest.

“Jesus, have mercy on me!" he said
brokenly at last, the face straps which
now shut out the light from his eyes
forever adding to terror in muffling
his words. In a last supreme effort he
Basped, “Into Thy hands, O Lord, I
commend my ——"

Flash Stills His Voice.

On the instant there was a green flash,
Me creat chest shot forward and he was
voiceless before he could say the final
“soul.” For a full minute a trickle of
emoke arose, The body sank back then
es if from a slow sagging within, shot
forward a second time, while the cructfix
eripped in the right hand slanted out-
Ward, sagging and strained a third time
er Charles Beckers was pronounced
lead

Tt was at the moment of the first
tok that attendants, voveranxious
While strapping to the chatr the most
noted
for a

criminal executed at Sing Sing
generation or longer, discovered
that they had done their first work so
huriedly that unnecessary grewsomes |
ness was added to the official killing. |

Wrists, forelegs and head had been!
Properly buckled to the chair, but when}
1! came to fastening one of the largest |
64 most important straps of all—the |
Wide band of leather that should have|
held Becker's back securely against the
Cectric chailr—the guards in their flurry
firs: drew the chest strap so that it
Went around the outside of his upper
Grms instead of around the chest under
the arms.

In still greater hurry the guards in
Charge of the chest strap upon noticing
their mistake loosened the buckle and
Adjusted the .strap properly, But next
they forgot to fasten the chest strap
buckle,

{

Covering SUpa From Face.

_ Therefore when the nameless Staie
flevrician caught the signal that all
Was ready and threw on the firat contact
of current Becker's chest, with no strap
Duckied to hold it back, strained many
inches further forward than it would

——-—

Continued on Third Page,

 

|Henry James on “England at War.”

Author just become a British subject dis.
cusses attitude of nation toward the

In THE SUN to-morrow.

VOL. LXXXIL—NO. 334,

jon Monday last, when a company audi-

 
     
   

  

article on the

 

a ant

 

 

  
     
 

 
  
 

William Columbus Gompers,

Brooklyn boy, nephew of Sam-
uel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Labor,
killed fighting at Port au Prince.

 

 

____NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JULY
‘TWO U.S.SAILORS ROOT SEES PERI
KILLED BY HAYTIANS REFORM IS DENIED

|
|

&
»~ e/

\J

’

i Laat
ee ae

AY, JULY 31,

 

IF 'POPE:AGAIN ISSUES
A PLEA FOR PEACE

 

 

ee Brooklyn Boy Loses Life in| People Demanding Reorgani-| Warns All on War's First An-

Clash Following Attack
by Snipers.

 

 

Battleship Connecticut Leaves
for Island With 500 More
Marines.

 

Wasninoton, July 30.—Two Ameri-
can bluejackets, one of

by Haytiang last night upon the Amert.
can forces now in occupation of Port
au Prince.

Admiral Caperton reported this to the
Navy Department to-day. He added
that the attack was easily repulsed and
that there is no cause for alarm as
to the safety of the American forces or
foreign residents of Port au Prince.

As a result of this attack, disclosing
the seriousness of the situation with

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sc. which Admiral Caperton is dealing, 600

Lonpon (Saturday), July 31.—The| more marines are being sent to him A
Express publishes a despatch from its part of this force will leave Philadel-
correspondent at Amsterdam declaring | Phia On board the battleship Connecti-
that Germany is sounding the United cut and the remainder will ve —
States to ascertain whether Washington Be ee age i ages oi peli atgahgtagi ony

which will be picked up by the Con-
is willing to submit to arbitration by| necticut off the Virginia Capes to-mor-
the Hague Tribunal the question of

row.
compensation for the loss of American! Admiral Caperton has assumed -ull
lives on the Lusitania.

military control of Port au Prince and
It is belleved in Germany that this is

 

ARBITRATION ON LUSITANIA?

 

London Hears Germany Suggests
Plan for Compensation.

 

; constitutes the only government of rec-
| ognized authority in the Haytian cap-
|

the only way the American note can b@) ital at this time. A local committee

|
answered without arousing ill feeling of safety organized by the Haytians
between the two countries. jno longer figures in the situation be-

—_— | cause of its attempts to Interfere with
Admiral Caperton’s measures,
CASHIER OUT OF TOWN; Whe the Dead Are.
| The dead as a result of last night's
SHORTAGE HINTED A fattack on tre town are:
Seaman William next of

Gompers;

 

 

kin, Mrs. Sophie Gompers, 107 Stock-
ton street, Brooklyn. "
y , Ordinary Seaman Cason 8S, White-
United Fruit Company of Bose} yyrc¢. "next of kin, Cason M. White-

hurst, 608 Clay avenue, Norfolk, Va.
Secretary Daniels sent telegrams this
afternoon to the next of kin announc-
ing the fact of the seamen’s deaths and
expressing his deep regret and apprecia-
tion of their services.
The attack came at 8 o’clock. It con-

ton Suffers $100,000 Loss,
Says Report.

|

 

 

Boston, July 30.—It leaked out here! Me attack came at 8 erclock, It con:
to-nigh jsisted chiefly in sniping fro 1
ak ph ag pete inion pgs d ion the southern side of the town. Gom-

ost @ sum of money said to be in pers and Whitehurst were killed during
the neighborhood of $100,000. George \the fighting that followed, but no others
S. Inman, for fifteen years the cashier, of the American forces were even

|wounded. The Admiral sent no further
is not In Boston and is being sought for | Soe is of the fighting except to say that
in all parts of the United States.

ithe attack was easily repulsed.

The alleged shortage was discovered! Meantime the State Department has
not yet reached a decision as to a pro-
gramme to be pursued in Hayti beyond

tor made a rather sudden visit to the the needs of the {mmediate situation.

offices. Inman received him and within | The deciston in this regard is oneet
ly re Ison’ iands,

avery few minutes Inman, It is said, | arKely in President {ison's n

' jthough the Department of State has not
made a hasty exit in his shirt sleeves. fury completed its consideration of the

| There is a report that he went to the situation and its recommendations.

roof of the Board of Trade building, in|
which the company has offices, crossed it |

, g | Jt is the unanimous opinion of all who
and then by means of another set Of | nave had any connection with Haytlan

elevators descended to the street. At his) agairs, officially or otherwise, that the
apartment in Brookline nothing is known moment has come for vigorous action by
of his whereabouts. lthe United States looking to the ending
Mrs. Inman went to the garage where of the intolerable conditions which have
they kept their car on Thursday morning, been permitted to prevail in the negro
took the machine out and since has not | republic.
been seen. Paul Fuller, Jr., recently submitted
The statement given out by the at-/ an exhaustive report on the subject, hav-
torneys follows: | ing been sent by former Secretary Bryan
“The cashier of to renew the attempt to negotiate. @
Company, Mr.
longer connected with the company.
“The books of the company are now
being examined by experts, It is known,
however, that the company has not sus-; that intervention was necessary
tained any serious loss. There is no | achieve this purpose. It is understood
more to be said at present except that! that he will be consulted by the State

U. S, Mast Act Soon.

the United Fruit
{give the

and financtal integrity. He concluded

 

the company is protected by the bond! Department again in connection with ite! ernment upon the pattern of the Fed-

of the National Surety Company.

“The resignation of Mr. Charles A,
Hubbard as treasurer of the company,
although only accepted by the board
of directors Wednesday, was tendered
some time ago and was in no way con-
nected with the severing of Mr. In-
man's relations with the company.”

MR. MORGAN ENTIRELY WELL.

Returns to Glen Cove After Cruise
in His Yacht Corsair,
the Haytian mobs.

Gusw Cove, L. 1, July 80-7, Plorpont |. Admiral Caperton reported to-day that
Morgan returned to his East Island e8-| 6 had placed Capt. E. L. Beach in
tate to-day after a cruise in his steam | command of the forces ashore at Port
yacht Corsair along the Atlantic Coast, | au Prince, Col, E, ¥. sie who will be

It was said at the Morgan home to- 6 oe oF Sea ree nee oe -
night that Mr. Morgan has fully Fre- | command ashore, under the direction of
covered from the wounds inflicted by | Admiral Caperton, on his arrival.
Frank Holt in an attempt to assassinate, The situation at Cape Haytlen con-
him. He probably will go to his Now | tlaues unsettion, eer Mont

2 ; | epa s espatchec ee -
York office in the early part of next Nashville from Santo Domingy City to
week. He will go to New London in the Cape Haytien, where it will relieve the
Corsair on August 9 to join the New} naval yacht Eagle, the only American
aie Yacht Club fleet on its three weeks | war yessel now in that port.
cruise,

The Corsair entered the harbor at
about 5 o'clock this afternoon and
dropped anchor off East Island. Mr,
Morgan was taken to the landing tn a
motor tender, where he was met by an
automobile that took him to his house.

HARVARD SCIENTISTS SAFE.

handling of the present situation.

order and for protecting all foreign life

forces in possession of Port au Prince
until some sort of a government, either
American or Haytian, is established and
until such government has granted to
France and Santo Domingo reparation
for the violation of their legations by

 

IN NAVY FIVE YEARS.

William C,
of Samael Gompers,

William Columbus Gompers, one of
the two seamen killed at Port au Prince,

 

 

Gompers Was Nephew

 

lived at 107 Stockton street, Brooklyn,

Party in 60 Foot Schooner on Way with his widowed mother, Mrs. Sophie
Gompers. His father, Jacob Gompers,

From Azores to Africa. died nine years ago and for several

years the boy had been his mother's only
support, He was born on October 12,
1892, and his parents gave him the mid-
dle name of Columbus because the day
of his birth was the 400th anniversary
of the discovery of America,

Young Gompers was a nephew of
Samuel Gompers, president of the Amer-
ican Federation of Labor. The latter
was much interested in him and was
in the habit of sending tokens on his
birthday

Mrs. Gompers received a message from
Commander Victor Blue of the Wash-
ington last evening telling of the death
of her son.

Young Gompers wrote regularly to his
mother and on Monday last she re-
ceived a $20 money order from him. He
enlisted in the navy at the age of 17
and was attached to the battleship
Idaho, He was discharged at the end
of three years and four months and

Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Sun,

Ponta DELGADA, Azores, July 30.—The
Kitty A., the sixty-foot schooner which ts
bearing a group of Harvard men to the
West African coast on a scientific expe-
dition, left here to-day for Madeira. Prof.
Charles Wellington Furlong, who is in
charge, declared that they were delighted
with the progress of the tour and the
results obtained by their researches tn
the Azores.

The Kitty A., smaller than the flagship
of Columbus, Is taking the expedition to
the islands off West Africa in the inter-
ests of the Department of Comparative
Zoology of the Peabody Museum of Har-
vard, The vessel belongs to Capt. Henry
R. Amory. of Newport and Boston, a
noted yachtsman who navigates his own
vessel, and those on board include Prof,

Furlong, geographer, ethnologist and| reeniisted after taking a three weeks
zoologist, who has led expeditions all} vacation, He was then assigned to the
over the world; Dr. William G, Erving | Washington. He was at Vera Cruz dur-

ing the Mexican trouble last year, but
did not go ashore to take part in the
fighting.

Gompers had two married brothers,

of Washington, surgeon and naturalist,
also a traveller; Dr. Ernest A. Hooten of
Cambridge, a mate, three sailors and a
coo“,

 

Beis 0 , sa

INTERVENTION IS URGED | FEDERAL PLAN FAVORED] FEARS HARVEST OF HATE,

 

|

them from) the Constitutional Convention {s of the
Brooklyn, were killed during an attack| opinion that the convention may as well| mano to-day published the letter Pope |

yeorge S. Inman, is no/¢reaty with the Haytians which would | view

United States the necessary | microscope and using the long range
control over the country to insure peace |

tO tee promptly voted in favor of six of

|

For the present it is the intention to/ ten departments of government, headed |
keep Admiral Caperton in Hayti and to! hy secretaries, each of whom shall be}
supply him with whatever forces he| appointed by the Governor and shall)
deems necessary for the preservation of| pe members of the cabinet.

and property. There is no question about| and Attorney-General, and perhaps
his remaining there with the American!

eh tcc te eS cp la ea A ETD

zation of State Government
on Simpler Lines. |

|
niversary No Nation Can
Be Crushed.

|

 

 

 

New York System as ‘nee Belief in Rome Pontiff's Plea!
sive as Venezuelan, Is Inspired by Austro- |
He Declares. Germans, |

 

 

ALnaNy, July 30.—President Root of Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sux.

Rome, July 80.—The Osservatore Ro- |

adjourn now so far ag the approval! Renedict addressed to the belligerent |
of the people at the November election; peoples and their rulers appealing |
is concerned {f it does not adopt the) for peace. The Pope eloquently describes |
Tanner plan to reorganize the State Gov-|the horrors of the fratricidal war which
ernment and abolish numerous boards | has been ravaging Europe for a year
and commissions and the Stimson plan | and Invokes peace in the nate of the
to save $80,000,000 in the payment of Almighty
the canal and highway State debt. He pictures the ruin and damage the |
The Tanner plan also involves the | war nas already caused as well as the |
short ballot idea, and President Root | joes of life and property. He says the
is to take a strong stand upon the | compete destruction of any one nation
floor of the convention for these meas: {ig impossible because, once vanquished, |
ures, Mr. Root addressed the members jeven the oppressed and humiliated will
of the Tanner committee to-day ond | jienare for revenge. Thus, he points |
declared that a reorgunization of the out, hatred will be transmitted through
State government not only would re-/|

 

'

tt but that it was | Snerations. |
ult 20: Breay Soonomy. ou - woe The Pope then suggests a direct or |
demanded by the people. The purpos? | inairect exchange of views toward a

of the plan, he said, was to do atvay | settlement of the rights of the various

with invisible government, provide ajcontestants and a realization of their
t r ~ » Y

governnient of accountability and = re- just aspirations, He invites all true

lovers of peace to join {n his efforts

sponsibility to the people to end the war, and again implores

“The Government of New York State (jod's and the Virgin's aid tn effect
for the past twenty years has been

 

1g
a reconcilation of the States, the brother-

 

about as responsive and representative 2904 of all peoples and the relen “
: oM equity and justice. The Pontiff finally |
as the Government of Venezuela,” 3 Te | bestows his blessing on all who are

Root declared. working for peace.
His appeal is considered significant by
| those who believe it was solicited by
the Austria and Germany and as implying
ithe Pope's willingness to offer mediatior
if the belligerents should accept it.

Fear for Their Jobs.
Mr  Root's appearance before
Tanner committee at this time was due
to the fact that the members of the com- |
mittee have been buttonholed by State
officials, members of State boards and
commissions and yollticians generally,
whose jobs are in danger if the Tanner
plan goes through, to oppose such a re-

organization of the State government.
For some days Chairman Tanner has
been observing that some of the seven-,
teen members of his committee were be-
coming lukewarm toward the plan be-
cause of the pressure which was being
brought to bear upon them and he
sought the influence of Mr. Root to stem
the tide. Mr. Root's advice to the com-
mittee had the desired effect, it was

Pope's Appeal,

The Pope's appeal follows:

“To-day, the sad anniversary of the
outbreak of this tremendous conflugra-
tion, a more ardent plea arises from our
heart for a sudden cessatiqn of hostili-

‘ties. The longer we cry for peace the
more ioudly may this ery reach the pec-
ple of neutral countries and thelr rulers,
{inducing them to higher counsels

“Brotherly blood ts being shed on land
and sea. The most beautiful gardens
of Europe. this garden of the world, are
strewn with dead and ruins Where
once smiled factories and vineyards and
fruitful fields are now only the fright-

  
 

 

 

stated after the meeting, which was ful gune of war pouring forth thelr
held behind closed doors, jruln and death.

President Root warned the delegates "You are assuming before God and
that the people were tired of the quib- man tremendous responsibility, O you
bling and technicalities of politicians warriors, heed our prayer Hark to
and demanded real governmental re- the paternal volce of the Vicar of the
form, Eternal and Supreme Judge before

“They have had abundant cause for) whom all shall be called to account.”
complaint,” sald Mr. Root, «They are Pope Renedict tnvites the
tired of the present system of govern- the Powers at war to abancon
ment and ft is a wonder they could have of mutiral annihilation, as nations never
existed so long under it with so Httle die, but always prepare for revenge
complaint, when you consider the mush-, He says:
room growth of offices, agencies and “Why not begin now to exchange
departments which have sprung up dur-, views with the idea of ending the con-
ing the past twenty years. If we don’t flict? Blessed is he who will first raise

give the people a real cure they will the olive branch.
keep on demanding such things as the

initiative, referendum and recall. Price of War,

“The abundant wealth wherewith the

. ;
Plan Must Go Through, Creator endowed these lands enables you

“These are not cures, but nostrums, to continue the war, but at what a
We must put through this plan for a! price! Thousands of young lives are
complete reorganization of the govern-, being snuffed out dally. Let the ruins

ment. Let it be our answer to the de-
mand of the people for reform,

“You should take a= statesmaniike
of this question, discarding the

of so many cities and villages and mort.

| ments erected by genius in commemora-
tion of the faith of our forefathers an-
ewer the bitter tears shed within the
privacy of home or at the foot of altars!
| No, that cannot be. The price of the
struggle is too high.

“In the holy name of God, our
Heavenly Father and Lord Jesus, whose
blessed blood was given as the price for
human salvation, we beseech you whom

telescope.”
The members of the Tanner commit-

the dozen or more sections of the pro-
posed new article reorganizing the gov-

eral Cabinet system, It provides for| Divine Providence placed at the heads
of the belligerent nations to end the
bloody carnage which for a year has

dishonored Europe.”

|
| SESS
|

GERMANS LOSING OPTIMISM.

|
Lieutenant-Governor
the

The Governor,

Sun.

 

1915.—copyrione, 1915, bu the Sun Printing and Publishing Assoctation,

TEUTONS,

THE WEATHER FORECAST. “

Partly cloudy

probably fair to-morrow.

Highest temperature yesterday, 88; lowest,"
Detatled weather, mall and marino reports on sage

NEAR

to-day; not so warm}

PRICE TWO C

a nites

WARSAW,

MENACE RUSSIAN RETREAT

®

 

oe" new line to which the Russians are retiring east of Warsaw.
begins at Kovno, runs to Grodno and centres on Brest-Litovsk.
Thence it extends, still straight along the line of the Bug in Galicia.

 

350,000 CIVILIANS FLEE

AS CZAR YIELDS WARSAW‘

 

tailways and Roads Choked With Endless Stream of|

People and Belongings, Bound for Russia—
American Consul Remains at Post.

 

 

tio of the evacua of Warsaw {38
given by a staff correspondent of the
Laily News to-day under a Stockholm
date He says

t obtaining at the flighting front

 

news of the military plans now

 

 
   

au

being carried out in and around Ware

saw, I have hurried to Stovl im, as

permiss o cable the news was denied

by the censor in Warsaw and Petrogra i
“Por some days the Russians have

ace

 

been flehting a tenacious rear guard

 

tion about Warsaw while the evacuation
of that city was in progress, The general
staff is persuaded that the Warsaw trie
angle js no longer tenable, althoueh the,

a great deal
dia during

Cermans are ing with

 

1 let

less dete than
from Lemberg

the flerce-

they

the long advance
ixation in

leads me

“This relative rel

ness of the German attacks to

believe it was not wholly impossible that

the Germans, after all, might have fount

their undertaking just beyond their
ebbing powers. ‘This undoubtedly would}
have been the case but for the insup-

portable demand for munitions in vast
quantities entailed upon the Russians by
the long Ii they have been holding
The people accept the situation with ab-

 

 

     
 

 

Comptrotier, will be the only elective i solute calin,
State officers. The Comptroller's ac-| Report Saya Bavarian Crown M Senhicas diadeand Missaibe:
tivities will be Timited to the auditing | Prince Belleves Allies Will Win, | Pred : oe
of accounts and there will be & maces | By C iN } The Grand Duke Nic h # armies
tary of Treasury to collect the taxes, | y Central Newe Iwill save themselves, whatever happens,
The public service, education, conser: | NorTHERN FRANCE, July 30.—TI can just as the French and Br tish. intended,
vation, health and labor departments| youch for the following interview as if! ssary, to retire meyOnd 3 gi a
Y wp i} ‘ sev otning b -
will be peopenined as the most important | authentic, Crown Prince Rupprecht of Persona 1 an ee ing ue
e State departments, : : sat ‘jsas oO he ans }
ee solute of those who have Bavaria, while conversing with a mem- Leone operations against the ever
studied the scheme and are opposed to, ber - he Beicnatag who wee Visiting | yielding but ever pressing hosts of the
p ' ste: ) effectin the battle line in Artois, sal ‘mar ’
it the new plan Instead of ee 4 AF ust confess immediately that I Me a ea is isolated from all but mili-
economies in government will be more must ¢ on fF . : “ ' ' A week ry tOe
costly than the present system. } am no longer an optimist It will take! tary communication 4 Gs ugo te
he ’ some time before the Allies will seri- | day a train arrived in M scow carrying
Fight on Rich Squatters, ously affect our position in France, but) the British, Freneh, Belgian and Serbian
ons r rchive he
While the State Conservation Com-| the roles undoubtedly will be reversed, | consuls and consular archives Phe

 

The strength and resources of the enemy
sre now too well organized,

“He is in a position to hold the bal-
ance in his favor and {it must be obvious)
to our best friends that we are util-

mission believes old settlers In the Adi
rondacks who are squatters ons’ Stats
lands should be granted licenses under
the Constitution to continue living as
they are at present, it has begun actions

to distinguish between wealthy s quat-) jging our maximum resources while the
ters in violation of law and the na-] enemy is in a much improved position.
tives who have some color of title, He has important reserves. The new

The commission is taking this action | piritish army has had long training and

in order to make popwsér the phin| ig presumably an efficient fighting ma- |
to protect the native squatters and to] onine” |
secure Fovareni action to that end SS Se ee |
in the Constitutional Convention, |

Scattered through the Adirondacks] RUMANIA PLEDGED TO ALLIES.
are numerous squatters, particularly ientinuennaaink

around Raquette Lake, who are simply
trespassers with full knowledge of their
unlawful occupancy. Some of these are
native to the region, while others are
wealthy camp owners who will endeavor
to base their holding upon sume doubt-

London Hears She Will Enter War
Within Two Montha,
Lonpon, July 30.—A secret treaty be-
tween Rumania and the Allies, pledging
Rumania to enter the war on the side of

 

 

ful title > ;

An investigation of these titles sala Quadruple Entente within two
been instituted by Conservation Commis- | months, {s reported in despatches from
sioner Pratt and several sensational ac-| Paris this afternoon which state that

an authentic Rumania source js respon-
sible for the news,
It is asserted that the treaty awaits

tlons have already been started
One of the first of these cases Is that
of Robert J. Collier of Collier’s Weekly,
who has long occupied a camp site on!only the signature of one of the allied |
Raquette Lake, Another js that of Col, Powers to put {it Into effect, Rumania’s |
William Mann, editor of Town Topics,| entry into the war to occur two months
who for many years has maintained a|from the time that signature is affixed |
summer residence on an island in Lake | to it.
George that belongs to the State, Notice}
was served on Mr, Collier on July 14
that he must vacate in thirty days or
action for ejectment would be at once
started, and papers for Col. Mann are) One Dutch Subject, Confessed to|
now out. |
“With such offenders as these,” said British Authorities,
Deputy Conservation Commissioner Me- Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,
Lean to-day, “this commission has ne| LONDON, July 30.—It is officially an-|
sympathy whatever ind does hot hevieve ‘nounced that two sples, subjects of Hol- |
‘ =|
, land, who were convicted at Westmin-

that either the Constitutional
should longer
an Guildhall on July 17 of conveying

tion or the commission
tolerate occupancies ef this sort. When

now being | information about the fleet to the enemy,
were shot at the Tower this morning,

all of the actions that are
prepared are begun it will be clear

One of the men confessed his guilt
immediately after his conviction,

 

TWO SPIES SHOT IN TOWER.

—E |

 

enough that the commission does not in-
tend to tolerate them,”

Terre tiye tage teenie tenet ARGON AeNEN RANMA tcl Ae aR ea LAN Am ARI aie TOA at AEN sg Nl sh aie cin

cae ee at nf"

| fact it
| visited every house and told the ‘strooss’
lor porters to try

an Coneul, Hernando de Soto, re-
iin Warsaw, having laid in a big

  

    

 

. of provisions with the intention of
sticking to his post. On the train were
‘so the British Anglican chaplain and
the last remnant of the British colony,
some riding on cattle trucks The
refugees included most of the high of-
fletals the law courts with their

 

archives and 30,000,000 rubles ($15,000,-
ooo) of court funds m

“The journey from Warsaw to Moscow
oceupied three days, as it Was around by
way of Bialystok and Vilna, because the
diyect route, Via Brest, was choked with
troop trains

“Toward
periodical
Warsaw
their famil.es eastward, During the
first two weeks in July there came a lull
Conditions were outwardly calm = on

end of June one
of fright possessed

the
waves

and a number of Russians sent,

|

!

‘

uly 20.—A graphte descrip. | 090 of peasants came trooping into the

Polish metropolis from the neighboring
districts.

“Practically the entire population of
the country on the north, south and west
came in a ceaseless procession day and
night, the tired, dust
families with their cattle and portable
coods thronging the roade converging on
Warsaw In the city itself literadly tens
of thousands of homes were broken up
instantly I know of four cases of men
worth more than $1,000,000 last month
who are now nearly penniless,

“Simultaneously with the evacuation
all property Likely @0 be useful to the
enemy, especially metal and machinery,
was removed or destroyed. Factories
were feverishly stripped and the owners

of the plants were granted free trans-
! port to the eastward for what they
could save. Day and night one heard

the periodical roar on a dynamited fac-
tory plant that was embedded tn con-
crete or Wis too cumbersome to dis-
mantle and transport. Every fragment
this dynamited metal was taken
eastward on the railway.
The newspapers of Warsaw
their last appearance with the
announcing the evacuation Then the
linotype machines were rooted up from
the floors and carted away, Volice and
soldiers visited every printing estab-
lishment and every newspaper office tak-
ing the fonts of type and dismantling
the presses, Hardly a ton of copper
All stocks

of

 

made

fittings was left in the city.

of copper in pipe factories and plumb- |

ing shops, copper used for household
ware—copper of every kind wherever
found—was removed So were the

stocks of fronmongers, hospital supplies
and officers’ kits

Strip the City.

“Warsaw knew no stoppage of work
in that week end
the banks, the telegraph offices, the law

‘courts and the various munictpal de-
| partments were busy dismantiing.
Through the streets endless columns

|

of the}

Tuesday of last week, when the British!

by the Russian
tickets would be

was asked
authorities how many
needed by the British colony Then sud-
denly the ‘bluff’ Was swept away
“Thureday evening, July 15, the Rus-
authorities announced that

Consul

Sian

the |

city's official evacuation would begin on |

sunday
immediately,

the following

began Police
to induce the tnhabl-
his building to leave at once
(as distinguished from Po-

tants in
for Russia

| land)

Exodus From Warsaw,

“Empty freight cars were quietly ac-
cumulated on the sidings until thousands
were available, During Friday,

As & matter of)

Satur- |
| day and Sunday trains of refugees were

despatched eastward, the cars being oc- |

cupled by fleeing men, women and ehil-: of nearly 1,000 miles to Moscow

dren as closely packed as posible

“While $50,000 citizens,
nearly half of Warsaw's ghetto,
departed eastward, nearly another 350,-

 

of laden carts and lorries converged on
the Praga and Alexandrovskt bridges
across the Vistula, wagons with peas-
ants with a few sacks of potatoes and
the banks’ millions of rubles in paper
money, or the trreplacable records of
the jaw courts

“The church doors were flung open
and the edifices were crowded with weep-
ing and praying Poles and Russians
among whom passed the mintstering
priests in their gorgeous robes, while

aloft in the towers the huge bronze bells |

were unslung lest they became food for
the Krupp cannon later on All the
ehureh bells, archives, treasures, gem
studded ritualistic implements, screens,
vestments
ried over the Vistula and away to Rus-
sia, It ts reported that the vault of the
ehureh of the Holy Cross tn Krakovski
street was opened by chopping and that
the sacred heart preserved there was
removed to Moscow,

“The telephone exchange was disman-
tled, The dynamos supplying power to
the street cars were removed, as were
ail of the wheels and detachable fittings

of the cars, to be taken to Russia. All
the crops around Warsaw were de-
stroyed. Villages are being razed to the

sround and the city's suburbs are being
surrounded with trenches The three
Vistula bridges, including the new
Praga Bridge, more than a mile long
and costing $6,000,000, are Mned with
sand bags, and wires are set in readt-
ness to explode land mines at the last
moment before the Germans enter War-
saw

“The evacuation of the towns between
Warsaw and Brest-Litovsk is beginning
and hardly 200,000 persona remain

“Since July 21 every wheeled vehicle
has been taken across the Vistula, with
nearly all the horses. Two thousand
hackney carriages are helng

Thou-
sands of poor people are being ferried
and unable to buy bread tn
Warsaw."

whitened peasant |

issues |

The huge post office, |

ind teons are now being car- |

driven by |
their owners across Ruasia for a distance |

 

First Anniversary of War
May Be Observed in Cap-
ital by Invaders,

 

ORDERLY EVACUATION
GOING ON FOR DAYS

 

Guns, Industrial Machin-
ery, Money and Records
All Removed to Safety.

 

CZAR'S ARMIES TAKE
NEW DEFENCE LINE

 

Rear Guard Actions Con-
tinne—Berlin Looks for
Further Victories,

 

?

Special Cable Deapatch to Tar Sos,
Lonpnon, July 30.—There are {ndloa-
tions that the military evacuation of
Warsaw and the Vistula-Narew iine ts
in full ewing and that it Is likely that
Germany will celebrate on Sunday the
first anniversary of her declaration of
war against Russia dn the ancient Pollal
capital,

There are aimilar indications that the
entire Russian lines in the east are
falling back toward their new positions
approximately on a straight Ine through

Kovno, Grodno, Brest-Litovsk and the
| Bug River in Galicia, It is reported
;that the Russians are retiring before
‘Gen. von Mackensen's forces {fn the

south, which would be tn the direction of
Brest-Litovsk.

The civil evacuation of Warsaw seema
to have begun a week or more ago, when
the industries and citizens which made
Warsaw the third city of the Russian
Empire were sent eastward

Big Gans Removed,

It igs understood that all the heavy
guns from the citadel which with Fort
Siliwick in Praga, across the river, pro-
tected the railroad and the Alexander
| bridges, were removed, and it ts stated
| that the work of dismantling the thirty-
fe? smaller fortreases surrounding the

 

; city 1s proceeding at a feverish pace.
| Berlin to-day reports no change in
the eustern situation, but semi-offictal

|; reports say that the Russians are keep-
ing up stif! rear guard actions in order
| to protect thelr withdrawal

will be
Rus-
unin
paired based on  Brest-Litovsk
Major Moraht, expert of
j the Berliner Tageblatt, says that while
ithe head of the
battered

| The German press believes it
} difficult, if not for
sian up a

Impossible, the

arinies to take new

line

the military

Russian army is being

into insensibility the neck ts

already in the noose

Hie attaches great

 

{mportunce to the advance by the arms

| of Gen. von Buelow toward Dwinsk,
| from which it is only seventy-miles miles
| sistant

|} Apainst this attack, he says, Russla
| has very little to oppose, for the left
wing of Von Buelow’s army fs keeping
the Russian troops at Higa ted fast,
adding “While we are rapidly ap-

proaching the moment when the railway
junction 340 miles northeast of Warsaw

{falls into our hands, this junetion eon
| trols the railway to) Petrograd The
| Russians have only one way of retires
ment from thelr central positions be-
tween the Bue River and the Vistula,
namely, the railway route from Warsaw
by way of Brest-Litovsk-Minsk to Mos
cow, but Von Mackensen's army is only
three days march from Brest-Litovsk
| There ts likely,’ he adds, “to be no lack
, of dramatic events.”

Russia Prepared,

The Daily Mail comments as follows
jon this highly optim: stic statement:
| $e comment is worth noting, bhe-
cause it Isoneof the very few departures
by German critics from the rule that
| there shall be no eritical discussion of
ithe military probabilities of the near
' future German correspondents with
Gen. von Mackensen’s army were giver
to understand recentiy that there wa
!no hurry-—events would develop im good
time.”

 

 

It ts reported here that Russia ts
thoroughly prepared for all emergenctes
| now It is said in a despatch that the

Governor of Kieff, the creat province of
) Russia to the southeast of the battle
| front, has issued an appeal to the popu-
I tation to remain tranquil, and should the
irise they must be willing to
remove further east tn a body for stra
tegic reasons,

| Petrograd newspapers continue to
| publish reassuring editorials, declaring
that Russta must bide her time until
the mob'itazation of her {industries shows
in adequate field guns and munitions

| A despatch from Petrograd guotes the
‘milltary eritte of the Novoe Vremva an
Saying that {t would be premature to
conclude that the Warsaw-Vistula Ine
{s irretrievably lost, Jle @ssertea 14
quite possible that the Germane will
come to a standst!ll at these posttions
and that they will be unable te comtinue
to advance,

necessity

om the very important Narew front
Gen. von Gallwitz's right wing being
held strongly in check Savage at-
ltacks on the part of the let wing

in the region of Rozan and on the mouth
of the Orz River have fatled, “white
leven at the approaches of Warsaw,
on the left bank of the Vistula,”
| save the Novoe Vremya’s criti “we
were dislodged from the region of Gora
Kalwarja In the eections ut Matdan
Costrowskt amd east of Woislawice wea
} badly mauled one of the best German
corps

| "All this testifies to the fact that the
offensive both of MackKensen and Gall-
witz so far has been suceesstully

including | across the Vistula daily, a!l streaming | checked."
thus | eastward

 

The Novoe Vremya appeals to the Al-
jue in the west to create a diversion

  

eS eee 2

Me

72

em

pace

ae 3.4

_ ee.

:

~ eee ree er

eS eee

see