eiotaanil

 

VOL, LXIIV.—KO. 236,

 

. +NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 19

    

 

ROTHSCHILDS IN PENNA, LOAN | D077 Paaxcnrs were sve S| VANDERBILT DRIVE A TRIUMPH

 

WITH KUHN, LOEB & (C0. AS

NEW YORK ASSOCIATES.

 

Aagust Belmont & Co. Not s Party—The
840 900900 Are 40 Year First Mort-
wage 45 to Bo Put Out at 06-—-Not
a Gyndicate Transaction, It Is Sta,ed.

The official announcement of the $40,000, -
000 Penneytvenia Railroad Company bond
{asue yesterday contained the information
that N. IM. Rothechild & Sons and Baring
Bros. & Co,, Limited, af London are parti-
cipating with Kuhn, Loeb & Co, in the
flotation of the bonds, It was known on
the previous day that a large number of
the bonds had been placed abroad, but
the direct participation of the Rothschilds
and Barings in the transaction struck the
financial community as a novelty of great
interest and importance. Bankers said that
it was the first time in twenty-five years
that the Rothschilds had taken part in the
sale of American railroad bonds and as
far as known the first time in fifty years,
or since the foundation of the house of Au-
gust Belmont & @o,, that the Rothschilds’
American investments had not been made
through that firm. The prospect of further
Rothechild interest in American securities
was also regarded as of prime importance.

The official announcement as given

by Kuhn, Lceb & Co. left some doubt as

to the exact relationship between the three
banking houses ani the relationship
between the banking houses and the railroad
company It was said that “Kuhn, Loeb
& Co., jointly with N. M. Rothschild & Sons
and Baring Bros, & Co., have closed a
negotiation with the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company covering $40,000,000 of consoli-
dated mortgage forty year 4 per cent,
bonds.” New Wall Street phraseology
was recognized in the phrase, “closing
« negotiation covering bonds"—phrase-
clogy not defined in the dictionaries of
Wall Street terms and capable of several
constructions, It left doubt as to whether
the banking houses were simply acting
e8 agents, whether they were joined
together in a syndicate or as to whether
they had actually bought the bonds. By
a curious coincidence the new parlance
was also employed in the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company's announcement.

A representative of Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
eaid that the bankers were not acting as
syndicate members nor as agents of the
company. He refused to state whether
or not the bonds had been purchased out-
tight by the bankers, but said that they
would certainly be sold. The latter as-
sertion seemed obvious enough, for at the
close of the curb market the bonds were
quoted at 98 bid and par asked and after-
ward bids of 08% were made privately.
The issue price to investors or bankers

* securing an allotment from the three bank-

ing bouses is 0.

Whatever the novel form of the relation
between the bankers and the company,
it wae eaid that the three houses had made
no agreement to act together in any future
financing, this statement incidentally fur-
nishing denial to the report that Kuhn,
Loeb & Co, had succeeded August Belmont
& Co, as American representatives of the
Rothschilds. The fect remained that in
thie one case Kuhn, Loeb & Co, and the
Rothechiids were acting together, and the
impression was general in banking cir-
lee that the success of this flotatign would
be followed by similar cooperation in the
‘uture, The same fact was regarded as
leading some corroboration to recent re-
ports of a severance of the long standing
relations established by the first August
Helmont between the Rothschilds and the
Belmonts,

{he form of the bond is that consoli-
lated mortgage issue of 1873 mentioned
ia Tae Sun yesterday. The mortgage is a
\irat lien, subject only to $20,000,000 gen-
eral mortgage 4 per cent. bonds, due July 1,
i910 (for which consolidated mortgage
bonds are reserved), on the main line and
branches of the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company between Philadelphia and Pitte-
burg and on the terminals in Philadelphia
and Pittaburg. It also covers the lease of
the United New Jersey Railroad and Canal
Company, which is the main line of the
Pennsylvania Railroad Company from Phila-
delphia to Jersey City. The consols are
a legal investment for savings banks in
New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.

Application for the bonds will be re-
celved simultaneously in this city and
London, No fixed amount has been
awarded to either city, but the allotments
will be made with reference to the sub-
scriptions received by every one of the
three banking houses and the character
of the application. Subscriptions of in-
vestors will take precedence over those
that may be considered speculative. In-
formal applications for a very large number
of the bonds were made here yesterday.
The formal gubscription period will be an-
nounced this week.

The proceeds from the sale of the bonds,
an official statement says, will be used
to meet the expenditures upon the New
York tunnels and terminals and for the
completion of other construction work
and facilities already under way and neces-
sary for the economical handling of traffic.
On the local tunnels and terminals $70,-
000,000 had been expended prior to January
1 leet. Of this amount $89,000,000 had
been capitalined and the remainder charged
to profit and loss. With the exception of
one of the two tunnels through Bergen
Hill, which will be completed in three weeks,
all of the excavation on the tunnels and
terminals has been finished. In the courme
of the work there have been taken aut
3,000,000 cubic yards of earth and rook.”

It wae late President Caseatt’s plan
to enlarge line to a six track road from
New York to Pitteburg. In accordance
with the plan six tracks have been laid
trom Pittsburg to Altoona and from Harrie-
burg to Trenton, The grades on the other
divisions are low, and it is not considered
necessary at present to continue the work
of six tracking. The big Pitcairn yard at
Pittsburg has just been completed, and an
important piece of work nearing com-
pletion is a new alignment of tracks and
reduction of grade between Pittsburg and
Jebngtewn. Much more work remains on
the reduotion of ourves and grades on the
division between Mount Union and Ryde.
The company has been going slow on im-
provement work in recent months; the
encosss of the new financing means con-
tinuagion of the improvements as rapidly
as poraible.

a
Ne eee

 

e¢ Was an Actress and They Have Liy
Apart for Four Years.

Following the mention of Dustin Farnum,
the actor, as an intimate friend of Mrs.
| Howard Gould, in tge answer filed hy How-
| ard Gould to Mrs. Gould's suit for a separa-
| tion, came the announcement yesterday
' that Justice Dowling, in the Supreme Court,
| had named M. Linn Bruce as referee to try
the suit of “A. Johnston Farnum against
D. Lancy Farnum.”

Ernest K. Coulter, formerly a reporter,
now a clerk of the Children's Court, is coun-
sel for “A. Johnston Farnum,” while D.
Frank Lloyd, Assistant United States Dis-
trict Attorney, is attorney for “D, Lancy
Farnum.” On the consent of both lawyers
the order appointing former Justice Bruce
as referee was entered nd filed, and it
fails to disclose anything more than the
facta of the consent and the appointment.
The lawyers were silent.

A friend of Dustin Farnum said last night
that he was married to Agnes Johnéton
twelve years ago, and for several years
they played together. About four years
ago they agreed to sefarate, and they
have not seen each other since. Mrs.
Farnum has not been playing in recent
“years,

It is a peculiarity of references in divorce
suite nowadays that the orders appointing
the referees no longer disclose the nature
of the suit. That plan of drawing such
orders was originated after a law was
passed a couple of years ago prohibiting
the appointment of referees to try unde-
fended divorce suits.

The law requires that at least a technical
defence be made, in the shape of an answer
denying the allegations of,the complaint
and the order will then be grtnted ex parte
on consent of the attorneys. In this way
a veil of secrecy is thrown around such
suite as it is desired to keep secret.

 

HAMMERSTEIN GETS “SALOME.”

 

Stranes to Conduct and Mary Garden to
Sing and Dance—‘Flektra" Too.
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.

Paars, April 22.—Oscar Hammerstein,
director of the Manhattan Opera House,
New York, told the correspondent of THr
Sun to-day that he had arranged with,
Richard Strauss to produce the latter's
work “Salome” next season, with Herr
Strause as conductor. Before making the
agreement Mr. Hammerstein went to
Brussels, where Mary Garden is singing
in “Manon,” and arranged that she will not
only sing the part of Salome but perform
the dance which caused 60 much comment
in New York when it was done at the Metro-
politan Opera House.

Mr. Hammerstein has taken an option
on Strauss’s new opera “Elektra,” which
will be produced at Dresden in the autumn,
He found Strauss'’s resentment at New
York’s treatment of “Salome” still strong.
The latter is delighted with the prospect
of having his work produced as a work
of art and not as @ curiosity.

a

 

FAIRBANKS'S NEW MOVE.

His Friends Talking for “the Old Ticket,”
Roosevelt and Fairbanks.

Wasntoron, April 22.—Followers of
Vice-President Fairbanks are showing a
tendency to encourage a movement for the
nomination of what is designated \“the old
ticket,” that is Roosevelt and Fairbanks,
If Mr. Taft should be chosen for first place
Mr. Fairbanks would be out of the running
for the Vice-Presidential nomination on
account of the traditional rule not to select
both candidates on the ticket from the
same section of the country. Any con-
certed action on the part of the strong
Fairbanks faction to put “the old ticket
in the field would be a serious loss to the
so-called allies, who in spite of their present
opposition to Mr, Taft would far prefer
to have him chosen than see Mr, Roosevelt
aguin lead the party in a Presidential con-
teat,

These circumstances, now practically ad-
mitted, are giving conservative Republican
leaders much food for thought. Their fears
that the convention might be stampeded
for Roosevelt by the radioal element had
been allayed, but they are now confronted
by the danger of desertion in a quarter whioh
was expected to stand firm against any pro-
Roosevelty tendency.

——————
TAFT AND HIS MANAGERS CONFER.

Likely te Support Foraker for Reelection
to the Senate.

Wassrnaton, April 22—The “big men”
of the Taft Presidential movement held a
conference here to-night. First and fore-
most among them was the candidate himself,
William Howard Taft. Then came Charles
P. Taft, brother of the candidate; Frank
H. Hitchoook, director in chief of the Taft
forces, and Arthur I. Vorys, who is running
the side show in Columbus, Ohio, Optimism
pervaded this litt!e gathering of big men,
In their mind's eye they saw Seoretary
Taft nominated, elected and inaugurated.
It was merely a case of going through the
formalities.

While none of the conferees was inclined
to talk for publication it is understood
that an agreement was reached that there
will be no compromise at present with the
Foraker faction in Ohio, The Senator will
have to take his chances with other candi-
dates, but should Taft be nominated and
elected the probabilities are that Senator
Foraker will be named for another term in
case he gives loyal support to the ticket in
the national campaign.

In other words, if Mr. Taft is elected
President he would like to have Mr. Foraker
in the Senate ap the supporter of the Taft
| administration. The, Taft forces would

like to make peace with Foraker now, but
they deem it impracticable to enter into
negotiations with him at this time.

ene EnEED ND

NOT’ BUBONIC PLAGUE.

News at Havana That Some Other Malady
, Is Prevalent in Venezuela.
Special Cable Despatch to TEE Suy.
Havana, April 22.—-Advices received
by a steamship company here from La
Guayra, Venezuela, are to the effect that
the disease prevalent there is not bubonic
A traveller who has just arrived
| from Venezuela says that persons he saw
! from La Guayra also declared it was not
| the plague.
| WasHINGTON, April 22.—At the request
of the State Department Secretary of the
| Navy Metoalf has ordered the gunboat
| Dubuque, now at Port-au-Prince, Hayti,
to Porto Cabello, Venesuela, to carry de-

 

from that port to the cable station |

| wi +
le Wi liematad, Curacao, for Mr, Russell,

| the American Minister to V

 

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

stance Hi ts oo

 

CROWDS CHEER AMERI-
BRIGHTON COACH.

HUGE
CAN'S

 

Cheer the Owner Too, and the Horses and
Godden, the Guard—Procession Half a

Mile Long Serves as Escert at the Close

| —Splendid Day and Good Time Made,

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.

Lowpow, April 22:—"To-day has lHypen
one of the greatest days of my life. Fora
whole year I have been longing for my first
run on the Brighton road, but I never
thought it would be like this.”

Thus spoke Alfred G, Vanderbilt as,
radiantly happy, he climbed down from
the box of the coach Meteor outside the
Hotel Metropole, Brighton, this evening
after hie first trial run from London prior
to the inauguration of the public coaching
service on May 6.

To say that the trip was a grand success
does not convey any idea of the extraordi-
nary enthusiasm with which the American
driver of American teams was everywhere
greeted, It was througibut a triumphal

progress,

The start was made at 11 o'clook this
morning. Shortly before that hour Charles
Wileon drove the famous grays up to the
doors of the Berkeley Hotel, London, where
Mr. Vanderbilt mounted the box, took the
reins and went off at a rattling pace to the
accompaniment of cheersfrom a large crowd
of onlookers and a fanfare from the horn of
Walter Godden, who was acting as guard,
a position in which he will serve during the
regular trips of Mr. Vanderbilt's coach
Venture. The traffic on Piccadilly was held
up by an enormous crowd, among whom
were many Americans, and congratula-
tions and godspeeds were showered on the
coach, which was a smart turnout that was
used lately on the route from London to
Hatfield, Mr. Vanderbilt having decided not
to put the Venture on the road until the
beginning of his regular service.

There was a full load of passengers, in-
cluding Craig Wadsworth, second secretary
of the American Embassy; William G. Loew
and G. Liffin Wharton, At the end of the
first stage of the journey, on Putney Heath,
the coachers were surprised to find another
enthusiastic crowd. There were hundreds
on foot, on horseback, in automobiles, in
carriages, and on bicycles, and everyone
who was not busy with a camera shouted
greetings.

Seven minutes were occupied in chang-
ing horses, and when the coach started
again the whole crowd trailed after it, most
of the crowd accompanying it for miles,
while many went all the way to Brighton.
Mr. Vanderbilt's arm became so tired from
acknowledging wayside salutes that at the
end of the next stage he handed over the
reins to Wilson in order that he might get a
rest. At every stage the greetings were
renewed, the enthusiastic residents turn-
ing out in large numbers.

The demonstration at Reigate, however,
eclipsed the lot. No royal visitor was
ever more féted there. The whole town
seemed to be on the street. A brigade of
bicyclists which met the coach outside
the town escorted it to the ancient White
Hart Hotel, which before the days of the
railway was the most famous coaching
house on the Brighton road. Here an old
gentleman who had ridden in an auto-
mobile over the last stage in the wake of
the coach drew alongside and shouted to
Mr. Vanderbilt, “Grand, sir. I never saw
a prettier team.”

The crowd indorsed him with a hearty
cheer. Mr. Vanderbilt, who had been
surprised by his earlier welcomes, was
overwhelmed by Reigate’s enthusiasm
He said to one of his ghests, “It is just
amazing. 1 cannot understand it. I cer-
tainly never expected anything like this.
It has stirred roe more than I can tell. It
shows how popular the stagecoach must
still be.”

Most of those who had accompanied
the stage from London stopped at Reigate,
but a atill larger escort started with the
coach for Brighton. At Pyecombe, six
miles from the goal, an enormous crow&
of people and vebicles blocked the road
for a quarter of a mile. The whole lot
escorted the Meteor to Brighton. The
congestion made the going difficult, espe-
cially as the road was lined everywhere
with eager spectators.

The procession whioh led the visitors
to their destination was fully half a mile
long. As the coach entered the streets
of Brighton the police kept the roadway
clear. Thousands were amassed on the
sidewalks and every window was full of
spectators. Hats and handkerohiefs were
waved, and there «se loud cheering, to
which Godden, who is the most popular
man in. his calling in London, responded
with long and intricate performances on
his coach horn.

At 6:08 Mr. Vanderbilt, who had taken
the reins for’ the last stages, brought the
steaming horees to a stand in front of
the Hotel Metropole. Here he received
an ovation as though he was a king from
& great solid orbwd of thousands, who,
after roaring themselves hoarse, gave
three defined cheers for Mr. Vanderbilt,
three for Godden and three for the horses.
The proud owner, having acknowledged
the salutations, climbed down. with the
expression of delight noted at the beginning
of this despatch. He added, “My arm is
so dead tired from raising the whip that
I can hardly hold it up.”

WOMAN BEATEN BY BURGLARS.

She and Her Husband Have Tough Time
With Afternoen Introders.

Mr. and Mrs. Henry Omar Patton, who
were married a month ago, returned to
their house at 266 Carlton avenue, Brooklyn,
yesterday afternoon to find two men in
the dining room engaged in packing up
the valuables. Mre Patton screamed and
one of the men dashed out, colliding with
her and knocking her to the landin,

a rae E conten feat tae tamed, Gaaie .
ai Dn

grabbed hi ;

the burger. Patton , but the
sooene glar went to his pal's assistance

between them they overcame Patton.
They made a ruah for the street. Mrs.
Pa had recovered partly, but was
struck in the face by one of the crooks and
knocked senseless.
On reaching the street the men parted, one
| going up Gritoe avenue and the other
U gh DeKalb. Patton ran in it of
the man who had fled up DeKalb avenue.
See Pa tive tripped fell, Patton was
on him
trolman Green of the Classon avenue station
took Patton's charge to the
. he was William
, 22 years old, of 280 St. Maris ave-

*

 

tt be

‘ore he could rise to his feet. Pa-

 

    

PLATT LEFT ALL TO HIS WIFE.

 

More Than 600,000 to Eva Angel Hop-
kins, Sole Executrix.

The will of Furman Neefua Platt, who
died ten days ago, was filed for probate
yesterday. It disposes of an estate said to
be in excess of $500,000, all of which goes
under the terms of the instrument to his
wife, Eva Angel Hopkins Platt, who is also
bamed as sole executrix.

The will was executed on February 24, 1908,
and was witnessed by John H. Thomson of
273 Hawthorne street, Brooklyn, and Edwin
B. Fish of Mount Kisco, Mrs. Platt, though
her residence is given in the will as Prbvi-
dence, R. 1., describes herself in the petition
for probate as “a citizen of the United States
and residing at 12 East Thirty-first street.”

Mr. Platt in his will took particular pains
to set forth in addition to all the prop-
erty in bis poaseasion at the time of his
death his wife was to inherit all the unpaid
income to which he was entitled but had
not received from the Farmers Loan and
Trust Company, as executor of the trust
estates of Samuel R. Platt, his father, and
Lydia Platt Ackerman, his aunt.

The testator was a nephew of John R.
Platt, the retired glass manufacturer, who
came into prominence through his affection
for Hannah Elias, the negress to whom he
made presents aggregating $700,000.

Turner, Rolaton & Horan as counsel for
Mrs. Platt filed the will for probate.

 

NEW JERSEY UNINSTRUCTED.

 

Democratic Regular Organization Gener-
ally Unfavorable to Bryan.

Trenton, April 22.—The results of the
Democratic primaries held in New Jersey
last night and to-night have convinced the
State leaders that the State delegates to
the Denver convention will go unpledged
to any candidate. Returns to-night indi-
cate a victory in practically every county
for the regular organization. ly Hudson
the organization is virtually edesd to
Bryan, but the support which his followers
there may count upon from other sections
is 80 scattering as to make controlof the
convention for Bryan improbable.

In Mercer county the organization, which
is opposed to Bryan, is in complete con-
trol. The situation is said to be similar
in practically every southern county. This,
it is said, will leave former United States
Senator James Smith, Jr., of Newark,
master of the convention. Smith is opposed
to Bryan.

He made known to-day that he would
accept a position as delegate at large to the
national convention. A plan is on foot
to oppose the selection of Robert Davis
of Hudson county as a delegate at large,
and the success of Mr. Smith at the prima-
ries makes it not improbable that ‘his will be
attempted unless a truce is patched up
before next Tuesday. Davis has declared
for Bryan and there is a fight of long stand-
ing on between him and Smith.

 

_—

 

SIMMONS TO SUCCEED TAGGART.

Pian to Elect the Nerti Carolina Senator
Chairman of the Democratic Committee.

Wasnivaton, April 22,—Senator Simmons
of North Carolina, reckone 1 as one of the
most astute political managers in Demo-
cratic national politics, is being groomed
for the chairmanship of the Democratic
nitional committes to succeed Thomas
Taggart of Indiana.

‘The friends of the Presidential boom of
Senator Charles A. Culberson of Texas
are behind the movement to secure Senator
Simmone’s election to the chairmanship
of the Democratic committee, and the
agitation in Mr. Simmons's favor is re-
garded -« a distinct indication that the
Democratic Senators from the South gen-
erally who are in sympathy with it are
opposed to the nomination of William J.
Bryan at Denver next July and will fight
him. The Simmons chairmanship move-
ment therefore may develop the first step
in the fight against Bryan in the greater
one to follow against his nomination in
convention and will probably be used as
a means to try the pro and anti-Bryan
strength.

Mr. Bryan's candidate for the chair-
manebip of the committee is former Senator
Richard F. Pettigrew of South Dakota and
New York. When Pettigrew waa in the
Senate he was classed as a Republican
Populist and @ vicious trust buster. Since
leaving the Senate and changing his party
politics, however, Pettigrew has become
more or leas reconciled to the “moneyed
intereste,” which he formerly fought with
such activity and rancor.

Senator Simmons atfracted particular
attention as a shrewd political manager
when he assumed the lead of the Democrats
in North Carolina several years ago and
wrested the State from the control of the
Republican Populista who were led in
coalition by ex-Senator Jeter C. Pritohard,
now a Federal Ciroult Judge in the Bouth,

 

CURRENOY BILL THIS SESSION.

House Leaders for the Vreeland Bill and a
Currency Commission.

Wasuinoton, April 23.—House leaders
have pretty well settled on a plan of our-
rency legislation. Their plan is to adopt
the enacting clause of the Aldrich bill,
but for the rest of that measure to substi-
tute the bill introduced by Representative
Vreeland of New York, The amended
measure will then be tacked to a bill pro-
viding for the appointment of a ourrenoy
commission. Thus at one stroke it is in-

tended to provide for laying the ground.

| work for a general revision of the banking

system and for emergency money against
possible financial flurries.

It is not known just how the Senate leaders
will view this programme. Whatever Sena-
tor Aldrich thinks about it will have weight
there. It is predicted, however, that the
Clearing House amendment will be ao-
cepted by the Senate if it is so drawn as
to provide additional safeguards in the issue
of emergency currency and the member-
ship of the currency commission is confined

| to Senators and Representatives,

There is little difference in effect in the
measures, The Vreeland bill is based on
the Aldrich bill, with an amendment that
permite a number of banks to get together
| and form a clearing house which may issue
| certificates against securities of the banks,
| These clearing house certifloates may be
' deposited against emergency circulation.
| More than likely the bill will go to con-
| ference after it reaches the Senate and
| there an agreement is almost certain,
Those in position to know, especially

on the House side of the Capitol, say posi-
| tively that a currenoy bill following closely

the lines of the Aldrich bill will be enacted
into law before the session ends.

 

 

Pe oe
Aint, (ere Soke Oo. 10 Pulton niew Yor,

* \

vy ; ie iat So ai taal oa IR

08 ,—Copyrioht, 1908, by

|

of the young man. There was n epece-
making. Ns member of the Loving family
was present.

4 M Sad cE ee D.

 

TEDDY, JR., UP IN A BALLOON

TAKES AN AERIAL TRIP FROM
WASHINGTON TO DELAWARE,

 

 

Ramer at First Was That His Sister, Mrs.
Longworth, Would Go Too, bat She
Didn't—Two Army Captains Young
Roosevelt's Companions on the Voyage.

WasHinaton, April 22.—Theodore Roose-
velt, Jr., home from Harvard for the holi-
days, went up in a balloon to-day, thus
outdoing his distinguished father, whose
best reoord for hazardous adventure was
made when he went to the bottom of the
sea in a submarine torpedo boat. Mrs.
Nicholas Longworth, the President's daugh-
ter, was on the list of the balloon's pas-
sengers but changed her mind about going
before the ascension. The balloon was
in ecbarge of Capt. Charles De Forest
Chandler of the Army Signal Corps and
young Roosevelt's other companion was
Capt. Fitzhugh Lee of the Seventh Cavalry,
who is an aide to the Preside nt.

“Army balloon No} 10" is the name of the
big bag of gas in which Capt, Chandler,
Capt. Lee and young Roosevelt made the
ascensién, It has been used in many ex-
periments under Capt. Chandler's direc-
tion. Before it started the news got around
in military circles that Mrs, Longworth
was to accompany her brother, and as a
result a group of prominent army ¢fficers
were at the starting place to see what was
to be seen, Among these were Major-Gen.
Ainsworth, the Adjutant-General; Brig.-
Gen. Allen, the chief signal officer, and
Brig.-Gen, Aleshire, the Quartermaster-
General.

Mrs. Longworth's presence at the place
of ascension, a gas tank in Pipetow@, at
Twelfth and M streets southeast, gave
color to the report that she was to take an
aerial flight. But she failed to get aboard
when all was ready to cast off.

A atiff breeze was blowing when the
anchor was let go. Owing to an excess
of ballast the balloon failed to rise and
before Capt. Chandler could throw overboard
some bags of sand the wind carried it along
the ground and across the Pennsylvania
Railroad tracks at a pace that threatened
to bring disaster to the expedition, but
Capt. Chandler got the ballast overboard
in a jiffy and up went the yellow bag. It
rose rapidly and then entered an air current
whioh took it off in a northerly direction
with a 25 knot breeze to give it momentum.

Capt. Lee, Capt. Chandler and Theodore
Roosevelt, Jr.,arrived at the Union Station
to-night at 11:30 o'clock, They were much
bedraggled, apparently very tired and in
no mood to answer questions.

“Is this the balloon party?” asked a for-
ward reporter.

“What's left of it,” said Capt. Chandler,

“What was the greatest height ‘you
reached?” was asked.

*{ think about 4,700 feet,” Capt. Chandler
answered,

Capt. Lee, who was limping visibly, ap-
peared to have lost interest in the trip, and
with Capt. Chandler and young Mr. Roose-
velt hurried to a cab.

Capt. Chandler ordered the driver to pro-
ceed to the Army and Navy Club. Affwere
apparently very tired. .

The balloon was left at the point of descent
four miles north of Wilmington city and will
be forwarded by express.

Wiiminoton, Del., April 22.—Signal Ser-
vice balloon No. 10, which left Washington
at 2 o'clock this afternoon, landed about
one mile north of Delaware City at 5:15
this afternoon, It was in charge of Capt.
De Forest Chandler, and with him were
Capt Fitzhugh Lee, Capt. R, C. Van Horn
and Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., The landing
was made easily in a field about one mile
back from the Delaware River and the
occupants jumped ont with no trouble.

The balloon had been in sight for some
time and many persons from Delaware
City were on hand to greet and assist the
voyagers, After making arrangements for
the care of the balloon the party came to
this city in an electrio car and started
for Washington at, 9:01 o'clock, They
reported having had a satisfactory trip,
and young Roosevelt joined in expressing
pleasure at the success of the trip. They
were in this city a few minutes only and
their presence was known only.to a few.

DOCTORS ON

 

A STRIKE.

Six of Them Quit Long Island College
Hospital Because of Food.

Six of the eight doctors of the Long Island
College Hospital in Henry street, Brook-
lyn, one of jthe largest hospitals in that
city, went on strike yesterday afternoon.
The reasons they alleged were poor food
and disocourteous treatment accorded them
by Dr. Richard E. Shaw, the superintend/
ent. This left two doctors to look after 250
patients. The latter declared that they
would have gone out too but for pending
surgical operations.

To make matters worse it is said that
there is discord among the eighty nurses
and fifty attendants left behind . for
reasons like those of the striking doctors.
Dr. Shaw was acting as house surgeon
last night and Edward Talmage, the as-
sistant superintendent, was riding the
ambulance. -

According to the story current last night
complaints have been going to the super-
intendent for a long time about the food,
and at yesterday's luncheon the butter
came in for particular discussion. Finally
the eight doctors marched to Dr. Shaw's
office with a sample of it, and it is said
that he told them to get out in no unocer-
tain language. Later he sent word that
none could go back to work until they saw
him. When they inquired for the super-
intendent they were told that he had gone
out for dinner.

Dr. Shaw returned at 4 o'clock and the
doctors demanded an apology, but when
none was forthcoming it is said that the
six walked out. Their names are Grover
C. Elder, Franz Solier, Arthur L. Carroll;
Francis L, Guarino, Francis J. McMinamin
and George 8. Wolsa.

MONUMENT FOR MURDERED BOY,

Women Honor Memory of Young Man Killed
by Accusing Girl's Father,
Lovinastone, Va., Apri] 22.—The monu-
ment erected by the women of Nelson county
to the memory of Theodore Estes, son of
Sheriff M.K. Eates, who one year ago to-day

 

was shot and killed by ex-Judge William @. |
wrongs offered his

eat, ti Soet ied in
r va , Was unve:
the presence of several coma athe

OOO

he
~ ‘Twurapay, Aprit 23, 1908.
Fair to-day; increasing cloudiness to-mor-
row; winds mostly southwesterly.

The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 
 
  

TOLSTOI ON LIFE AND DEATH.

Expects to Be Happy Hereafter in a World
More Real—Infinite Progress.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tae SUN
Pants, April 22.—"I know witb certajnty
that in dying I ahall be happy and that I
shall enter a world more real.”
Count Tolstoi thus sums up his anticipa-
' tions of death in reply to a friend who con-
gratulated him upon his approaching
eightieth birthday. All earthly life, he says,
is a dream and death the true awakening.
He awaite that awakening with happiness.
Elaborating on this idea he says:

“Our earthly life is one of dreams of
another and more rea! life, and that other
life is a dream of yet another, and so on ad
infinitum even to tho last life, the life of
God.”

Of death at different ages and under
different circumstances he says.

“Death in youth is as when a man is awak-
ened before hé has blept full measure.
Death in old age is as when a man wakes of
his own accord after a good sleep. Suicide
is as a nightmare which a man banishes by
remembering that he is asleep. He makes
an effort and wakes.”

D. B. HILL IN SENATE CHAMBER.

He Said It Was There He Counted a Quoram
Which Became Popular in Washington

Auvrany, April 22.—Former Governor
David B. Hill to-night paid a visit to the
Sonate, it being his first visit to the chamber
while a session has been in progress jn
many years, He was invited to take a seat
by the Lieutenant-Governor and busi-
ness was suspended while he made a brief
address, He said:

“I recognize this chamber. I think it
was here once that I counted a quorum
and after that counting of the quorums
became popular down in Washing-
ton, I congratulate you upon what you
hav» done and hope you believe as I do
that you have discharged your duties in
the best interests of the State,”

A most hearty reception was given Mr.
Hill. He had business with the Finance
Committee of the Senate,

LIABILITY BILL A_ LAW.

—_—
President Signs It After Reoelving an
Opinien From the Attorney-General.

WasuinoTon, April 22—The President
to-day attached his signature to the em-
ployers’ liability bill, This action was
based on an opinion of the Attorney-General
that the measure recently enacted by Con-
gress is sound in legal principle and that
it is not threatened by the dangers that
overtook the original liability act passed
by Congress in the summer of 1906,

The President referred the new bill to
the Attorney-General, with the request that
it be examined with particular care, espe-
cially in view of the fact that the act of 19°6
was declared unconstitutional by the Su-
preme Court of the United States. After
considering the matter for several days
Attorney-General Bonaparte returned the
opinion yesterday that no constitutional
objection could be raised against the bill

HARMON FOR GOVERNOR OF OHIO.

Announces That He Will Accept Nomina-
Hoa, but Won't Fight for It.

Cotumsvs, Ohio, April 22.—Judson Har-
mon of Cincinnati, who has maintained
the attitude of a Democratic Presidential
possibility, to-day made himeelf the rallying
figure of anti-Johnéon Democrats of Ohio
by permitting the use of his name as a
Gubernatorial aspirant.

His announcement to-day is to the effect
that he will accept the nomination if he is
not compelled to make a fight for it. This,
anti-Johnson men declare, means Harmon's
nomination on the first ballot.

CARRIE NATION BARRED OUT,

House Committee Has Two Capitol Police-
men to Preserve the Peace.

WasHINOTON, April 22.—A great com-
mittee of the House made elaborate prepa-
rations to-day to protect itself from one
lone woman» ‘The committee was the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, which
is conaidering a prohibition bill, The
woman in the.case was Carrie Nation of
Kansas, who is in Washington armed with
her hatchet and all her old time prejudices
against strong drink and the devil, The
committee gave the “wets” a hearing to-
day. Carrie Nation had heard about it,
and expressed a determination to be present
and stir up the animals.

Representative Samuel W. Smith of
Michigan, chairman of the committee, is
a man of peace, and he did not feel able to
cope with the Kansas cyclone if she started
something. So Chairman Smith sent for
two brawny, muscular Capitol police, who
were directed to preserve the peace at all
hazards, Much to the disappointment of
a crowd of spectators and the relief of the
committee Mrs. Nation did not show up.

BIGGEST OF _STEAMSHIPS.

White Star Record Breakers to Be Laid
Down Within Two Months.
Special Cadle Despateh to Tus Sew.

Liveapoot, April 22.—The White Star
Steamship Company announces that the
keels of ite proposed steamships, which
will be the largest in the world, will be
laid down in the yards of Harland & Wolff
at Belfast within two months.

The vessels will be not less than 840 feet
in length, with a beam of 78 feet. Their
tonnage will be from 45,000 to 50,000. They
will be fitted with both turbine and recipro-
cating engines, and will have a minimum
speed of twenty-one knots.

The Mauretania, which is the biggest
ship ever built, is 700feet long. Her breadth,
| however, is 88 feet. She is registered as
of 45,000 tons.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
SEE ee

SS
EE eeeEEEEOOOOEOEOEOEOEOEOEEeeEeEeeeeee

A PIPE.

| Gov. Fort Gets a Present of One an d Tries
| His First Smoke—of That Kind.

| Onanas, N. J., April 22.—Gov. Fort to-
i night was presented by the members of
| the Union League Club of the Oranges
| with a meerechaum pipe after a talk he
| made to the club. Tobacoo and matches

| "ear said:

“Well, I've done
most eve! else, but I never smoked
before. But,” pi lully,

a
“I'm going to try.”

Bomb Blows Up Boodle Witness's House,
San Franoreoo, April 22,—The home in
Oakland of Big Jim Gallagher, boodling
Supervisor, who for two days has been
testifying in the trial of Attorney Ford
of the United Railroads, was blown u
to-night with some kind of a bomb, Al-
though there were eight
house none was injured, The police are
investigat ar case, which looks
because of

the house.

escape of all the inmates of

<fta Perity bas tade i famqua ts adh gi, etd Mr. Van Wyober. mera

ns in the

 

 

the stock back at 16).

|

a

gh co ee ea eS i nl Ae | ee

said;
“You have been a Justice of the Supreme
Court and a practising lawyer for many

A.

on
PRICE TWO CENTS.

METROPOLITAN SUGAR POND

POLITICIANS HAD TO BE SEEN,
LOCAL AND ALBANIAN,

 

 

Few Hostile Bills Get Through at the Capt
tal—Few Permits Were Held Up Forever
by City Departments—Hands Reach Out
on All Sides for Acceleration Money.

Politicians were an expensive luxury for
the Metropolitan Street Railway Company,
according to the testimony of Herbert HL
Vreeland before the special county Grand
Jury The money that went for “politieal
purposes” was paid out by the late William
C, Whitney without any accounting by
him, and it was found that city depart-
ments having control over the running of
street railways and legislative bodies with
the power to pasa troublesome legislation
had to be “engared ”

The Grand Jury testimony, of which
there is 1,000 pages, also shows that @
threatened suit against the individual di-
rectors of the Metropolitan Securities Com-
pany for the repayment of the dividends
paid out of capital was settled by the dl-
rectors, for the benefit of the company,
with the company's money. It was oftes
better to settle a suit than to fight it, wae
the legal advice the company got.

Why $42,000 was paid to ex-Judge William
N. Cohen by the Metropolitan Seourtties
Company has not been disclosed before.
Mr. Cohen was a witness before the Grand
Jiiry and he gave his side of it. Paul D
Cravath, who was counsel for the company,
told what he knew of it Both of their’
stories were to the same effect.

Jvfige Cohen said that he had a ojient,

who was also a friend, who had bought —

200 shares of Metropolitan Street Railway
stock at $160 and it had dropped 40 or
points. His client wanted his money back.
Following the theory of the Wormeer suit
Judge Cohen threatened to sue the directors
of the Metropolitan individually to make
them repay to the company dividends
that had been paid out of capital. Question-
ing Judge Cohen about the company’s
buying in his client's stock at 50 pointe or
so above the then market value Mr. Jerome

years was there anything in that transac
tion in any shape or manner criminal or
wrong!”

“There was nothing,” said Judge Cohen.
“I told Mr. Cravath | had a client who
had been after me for two years to prosecute
a claim against the Metropolitan Street
Kailway Company. I told him I had been
negligent and I was going to turn it over
to an attorney and I would be adviser in
the matter. I said I bad been examining
the Wormser record and I was satisfied
that the directors of the company had
paid dividends out of capital -inetead .of
out of earnings, and 1 was going to make
them repay to the corporation all the
dividends so’ unlawfully paid. He said, ‘I
will look into the matter and I will let you
hear from me.’ I think I telephoned to
him in two or three days, and he said, ‘Can't
you do anything better?’ (meaning the
amount of the settlement) and I eaid, ‘No,
there isn't any desire to make any profit,
but my client waated to get his money
back or else he would pursue the course
I advised.’ Mr, Cravath said he would
send a check.” So the company bought

Mr. Jerome suggested that litigation of
that character was expensive and Mr, Cohen
said it had proved to be.

“Ta it unusual,” asked Mr. Jerome, “for a
corporation of that kind to buy stock, even
when of the opinion that there was no
valid cause for action, on the basis thas
it was more economical to take it than to
stand suit?”

“Depends on the whole situation,” aaid
Judge Cohen, “If the thing isa smalt claim
it would cost more to fight than to settle,
and corporations generally settle unless
they regard it as a holdup or a atrike.”

“Your character would show it wasn't
that,” said Mr. Jerome.

“You were asking me about what the
corporations did,” continued the witness.

“Would your client have recovered his
money in such a suit?” asked a juror.

“Weil,” said Judge Cohen, “he would
not have recovered his money, Mr. Juror,
but he would have had some of the directors
who had declared the dividends pay them
back to the corporation and the corpora-
tion would have been so much richer by
the big amount recovered. His judgment
might not have been satisfied.”

Mr Cravath testified that after beoom-
ing satisfied that unless the stock was
bought back there would be troublesome
litigation, he advised the company to buy
back the stock. “Especially because,”
added Mr. Cravath, “Judge Cohen said
that if that stock was bought back he would
not enter into any other litigation of that
character against the Metropolitan.” Mr.
Cravath's reason for advising a settle
ment, he said, was that the Metropolitan
Securities Company had a large floating
debt for which ‘it hoped to issue ascurities,
If the Judge Cohen suit was started itwould
start other suite.

“It was bad policy,” said Mr. Orevath,

“to have litigation when no other lawsulte -

were in sight and I thought it was cheaper
to buy the stock at $160 a share than to have
a lawsuit.”

“Mr. Cravath, wasn't that blackmail?’
askeda juror.

“No, I don't think it was bleckmail ”
said Mr. Cravath, “and Judge Cohen fs @
very reputable lawyer.” :

“Was there any good ground for the
suit?” said the iniquisitive juror

“No, I think net," said Mr. Orevath, .

“but we corporation lawyers many times
have to advise the sacrifice of a few thou-
aand dollara to avoid a lawsuit at a oritical
and dangerous time.” ‘

In Mr. Vreeland's testimony there is
constant reference to an electric storage
battery stock pool in which
politiciaus were said to be interested with
Metropolitan officials. Mr. Vreeland wae
asked about a number of checks for large
gums. They were paid at Mr, Whitoey’s
order, he said. One was for $200,000, pay~
able to Charles W Morse.

“That was for taking up stook,” said Mr.
Vreeland. ‘I don't know the details of it;
it was handled by Mr. Whitney."

“Well,” said Mr. Jerome, “at that time
Mr. Ven Wyck was the Mayor of the alty of
New York."

“1 think bewas; yes, sir,” sald Mr. Vree-

a