VOL LXXIL—-NO, 16,

erates

 

 

>

NEW YO RK, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1904.—Copvrioht, 1904, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

poWWOWS WITH PARKER.

GORMAN'S AID ENLISTED AND
GOVERNORSHIP DISCUSSED.

 

The Candidate Came Here Bent on Choos
ing Jerome—'‘But I'll Bet Money He
Won't, Says One Caller on Coming
Away—Antl-Jerome Felks Outin Force
~MeCarren Pays His Vislt—Murphy
still Absent—Day Long Doings Close
With a Mysterious Disappearance.

Alton B. Parker's first day in New York
since his nomination for the Presidency
was a glorious round of soft pedal (not to
envy soft shoe) conferences,

The ftotel Astor, where the candidate is
staying, Was a puzzle box, with the con-
ferees moving in and out, oh, so mysteri-
ously. None of them was caught entering
the Judge's rooms by way of the fire escape,

but it was bruited about the hotel that
every other means of access was employed.

‘The candidate saw:

HENRY GASBAWAY DAVIS, candidate for Vice-
President. ‘

WILLIAM F. SHERAAN.

Senator ARTHUR PUB GORMAN,

\vavsT BELMONT.

PeRRt BREMONT.

Georar Foster Peasopy, treasurer of the na-
tlona! committee.

Col. DANIFL S. LAMONT.

Corp Meter, chairman of the State committee.

Senstor Patrick HENRY MCCARREN, chairman
of the State execut ve committee.

VinuiaAM S. Ropre, head of the organization
bureau
DANIEL. MCCONVILLE, chairman of the speakers
bureau

HERMAN ItIDDEFR, editor of the Staats-Zettung.

WILLIAM B. HORNBLOWER.

HOWARD TATLOR.

He did not see:

(ROVER CLEVBLAND.

THOMAS TAGGART.

CUARLES F. MURPRY.

Mr. Cleveland was reported to have an
engagement with Judge Parker, but the
report proved to be mere air,

Mr. Taggart, although chairman of the
national committee, and, theoretically, the
boss of the campaign, had gone to Indian-
apolis.

Mr. Murphy did not call yesterday, but
to-day is another day.

Two young women tried hard to see
the candidate in the afternoon, but got no
further than Secretary McCausland. One
of them said she was a Countess. They
were suspected of being autograph fiends.

Judge Parker had nothing to say about
the purpose of his visit. In fact, he had
nothing to say about anything, for the
public. His friends about the hotel said
that the chief reason for the Judge's ex-
cursion was a feeling that he ought to
come to New York to save old Mr. Davis
another trip to Rosemount, seeing that he
and Mr. Davis had to get together on their
letters of acceptance.

They had their little chat about the letters,
and the result was an announcement that
Judge Parker's letter will be made public
on Sept. 26. This is almost a week later
than wasexpected. The delay, it was said,
is for the purpose of giving wider publicity
to the letter... Mr. Davis's letter will appear
a week after his principal's.

Judge Parker'é friends said that another
reason for his trip to this city was his desire
to talk over the situation with Senator
Gorman of Maryland, one of the big Demo-
crate who has not found it convenient to
go to Esopus. -

But the thing which the Judge's friends
said they did not expect, yet which they
reluctantly admitted did happen, was a
ecrap over the Jerome boom for Governor.

That ecrap might not have come yes-
terday had not David B. Hill made his visit
to the District Attorney for the aueged
purpose of asking him to run for Governor.
As soon as the few Democratic leaders
who are dead set against Jerome's nomi-
notion heard of Hill's visit they started
a nove on the Hotel Astor, not in numbers,
but in representation. Whatever their
m@sage may have been to the Judge, and
whatever his answer to them, one of the
anti-Jerome men came downstairs from a
talk with Judge Parker last night and said:

“I'll bet money that Jerome won't be nom-
inated for Governor.”

The smile that accompanied the offer
indicated that the speaker felt confident
that his mission had been accomplished.

This and other signs of antagonism
toward Jerome started the politicians to
inquiring to what extent Judge Parker
had favored the Jerome boom.

“He was dead stuck on it,* said one of
them. “He realizes that up to date the
prospects are for a dead campaign in this
State, and he thought that Jerome might
he brought in to make a whirlwind of it.
Personally, he would like to have Edward
M. Shepard run for Governor, but he has
decided that one constitutional lawyer is
enough for the ticket. Now he has been
told that the German vote would snow
Jerome under and that for a lot of other
reasons Jerome is an impossibility.”

Other Démocrata would have it that the
attack on Jerome was caused by a false
alarm; that Hill merely offered to Jerome
® nomination for any State office except the
Governorship, hoping thus to infuse some
snap into the campaign.

Outside of the Jerome blaze, the con-
ference between Judge Parker and Senator
Gorman was the most important business
of the day. The Senator arrived at the
Hotel Astor at 11 A.M. and remained with
Judge Parker until 2 P. M. He was ac-
companied by Thomas F. Ryan of Virginia.

After Senator Gorman went away the
enthusiastic Parkerites said samilingly that
the most needed Democrat in the country
had been corralled at last: One of the
candidate's closest frienda said last night
that Senator Gorman would take an active
part in the campaign, at least in an ad-
\isory capacity,

Senator Gorman would not discuss his
visit. Mr. Ryan expressed his belief that
after the Democratic State convention the
campaign would be begun in earnest.

The Bye conferences began about 10
o'clock. Judge Parker did not reach the
hotel until 9:40 A. M. The yacht Sapphire,
on which ne came from Esopus, put into
‘ornwal) when the gale came up on Wednes-
day night, and Jay there from 9 o'clock
until 3 o'clock yesterday morning, when it
steamed on to New York. It had been in-
tended to dock at West Eighty-sixth street,
but the plans were changed and the can-
didate, accompanied by John B. McDonald
and Secretary McCausland, went ashore at
West Thirty-fifth street at 9:15 A. M.

The Judge had had a good night's sleep
and his breakfast. Justice Morgan J.
Brien, who made the trip to and from
Fsopus, did not go with the others to the
Astor, At the hotel door Mr. McDonald
said good-by to Judge Parker, who en-
tered the hotel and went at once to his
apartments, on the fifth floor. Mr. Davis

|

|

ss ras ss ss as sssSccinnnsessananesoavessoh aes ens

 

 

—_——__— _ Cr TT mr -rrreeeoeoeeeeeeeevmw + - > oD Ooe>-—— —x——

and Mr. Sheehan had
fifteen minutes.

Visitors to the candidate did not have an
easy time. It was said yesterday that a
friend of Judge Parker had spent two days
canvassing New York hotels striving to
find one where callers could come and go
unseen and uninterrupted. He chose the
Hotel Astor because of ita basement en-
trances and numerous elevators and cor-
ridors.

This was a wise friend. The King of
Timbuctoo could have called on the can-
didate and got away without public notice.
The elevators did not stop at the fifth floor,
except on presentation of credentials.
Judge Parker's meals were served in one
of his four rooms. Visitors were not re-
ceived unless they had appointments,
Perry Belmont called and had to wait an
hour. His brother August did not have
to wait, Neither did Senator Patrick
Henry McCarren.

“What about Mr. Hill's call on Mr. Je-
rome?” was asked of Senator McCarren
after he came downstairs.

“Did Hill call on Jerome?” inquired the
Senator. “Maybe he's been indicted.”

It was understood that John Sharp
Williams was asked to devote his speech-
making ability to this State during the
campaign. It is evident that the Parker
managers are getting worried about the
situation in New York and that they are
preparing for a grand splurge if they can
make it,

There was one prime mystery. This
was the disappearance of Judge Parker
from the hotel between 8 and 10 o'clock
last night. He went unobserved, and re-
turned to his rooms the same way. There
was a rumor that he had gone to the Man-
hattan Club for a conference, but this was
denied. It was said, semi-officially, that
he went for a drive. Whether he went
alone was not stated.

At 10 o'clock last night Judge Parker
retired. He will have a lot of conferences
to-day, and probably will return to Esopus
at 6:30 P. M. by train.

Judge Parker will receive a delegation of
the visiting bankers at 4 o'clock this after-
noon. Many of them have expressed a
desire to see him.

 

BROOKLYN STILL FOR GROUT.
MeCarrenites Favor the Comptroller

—Stapleton to Present His Name.

The talk at the Democratic headquarters
in Brooklyn yesterday drifted for the most
part to the Governorship, and Comptroller
Edward M. Grout continued to be a favorite
there for the nomination. Senator McCar-
ren still regards Mr. Grout as the strongest
candidate that can be named, andif he has
his way the sixty-three votes from Kings
county will be cast in a bunch for him.

Luke D. Stapleton, whom many Brook-
lynites regard .as even a greater orator
than Borough President Littleton, is to
make the nominating speech for Mr. Grout
if his name is presented to the convention.

LEITER'S BIG FARO PLAY.

Lost 672,000 Before His Luck Turned
—Quit 64,000 a Winner.

SuHerrpan, Wyo., Sept. 15—Joe Leiter,
the Chicago millionaire, and one of the
proprietors of the big U Cross cattle outfit
near Clearmont, came up from the ranch
last night. Shortly after midnight he
dropped into Fred Littleton’s saloon and
began playing faro.

There is no limit to the game there, and
Leiter was soon deep in the play. Bets of
$8,000 were made and lost on a single card
until the Chicago millionaire was $72,000
to the bad. Fred Littleton was in the
dealer's chair, and both he and Leiter were
cool and would laugh when thousands
ohanged hands on a single turn.

Word went around the town that plunge
ing was on, and soon an excited crowd
was watching the play. Then the luck
began to turn, and when the game broke
up at 4 o'clock this morning Leiter was
the winner by $4,000.

$50,000 BRIBE MONEY IN A GRIP.

 

 

 

 

Testimony About the Grand Rapids Scandal
Taken in This City.

Testimony was taken yesterday at the
office of Edgar A. Fellows, notary public,
21 Park row, in connection with criminal
actions brought in the Supreme Court of
Michigan against George R. Perry, ex-
Mayor of Grand Rapids, and George R,
Nichols, an attorney of that city.

Perry is accused of accepting a $13,500
bribe in connection with the Grand Rapids
water scandal in 1901, while Mayor of the
city, and is being brought to trial as the
result of the confession of Lent A. Salis-
bury, the ex-City Attorney of Grand Rapids
who has served a two years sentence in the
penitentiary. Nichols, who was one of the
eight lawyers in Salisbury's defence, is un-
der indictment for perjury as the result of the
testimony of Frederick H. German, a broker,
of 2388 Fifth avenue, this citv. German
organized the syndicate that was io secure
the $3,000,000 waterworks contract upon
the payment of $100,000. Mr. Garman
ex the whole deal! in 1901.

assistant District Attorney Charles E,
Ward of Grand Rapids, for the prosecution,
end H. A. Ellis Ionia, for the defence,
examined witnesses called by the defence
yesterday.

The chief witness was James Martin of
Paris, Ky., who declared that Garnan
appealed to him in this city for a loan
a 1,000 to aid in Huang ihe Grand Rapids
deal, promising to pay him $15,000 in ad-
dition to the loan as soon as the thing went
through. The defence hopes by this ney
to im h Garman's evidence. J. E.
Reaneay ot Grand Rapids testified that
Salisbury came to him when the exposure
of the bribe taking was about to be made,
and hanced hima valise containing $50,000,
which he was to take to Chicago and leave
in a room in the Grand Pacific Hotel. He
understood that a prominent Omaha con-
tractor, who had originally paid the money

to Salisbury, was to call for it there.
“When reached Chicago,” said Ken-
nedy, “I learned that the exposure had

been made and that Salisbury was under
I knew that I was followed by
detectives, so I left the valise at the ap-
pointed place and saw nothing more of it.”

Mr. Garman told this story to a Sun re-
porter of his part in the waterworks scandal:

“Grand Rapids a to build a water-
works plant on the shore of Lake Michigan.
I was approached by certain city officia
and told that the contract for the $8,000,000
waterworks system would be turned over
to me for $106,000. T was in a place to raise
the money, so la ted, » :

“After I had put the $100,000 bribe in a
vault in the First National Bank of Grand
Rapids, and turned the key over to the
ceanier, I found that I needed $1,000 more

for payment to certain Grand Rapics peo-
le. T had a little trouble getting it, but
nally I went to Mr. Martin, and after ex-

plaining exactly what I wanted it for, se-
cured the sum from him.

“In a short time 1 was informed thai the
city officials could secure more than $100,000
for the contract elsewhere. I was unable
to raise another cent, and when | finallv
learned the full extent of the crooked
dealings of the boodlers I exposed the
whole scheme.”

Sn Sgt SS SES SSSR =-u=ssressoneesr= opens ee a Sans ieee ae SE

‘

|

previed im by | HILL, GOES 10 SEE JEROME,

 

A SIGNIFICANT VISIT IN THE
SEARCH FOR A GOVERNOR.

 

Result, a Statement of the District At-
torney’s Views of Campaigning,
and They Include an Objection to
Half Truths—Both Conferees Silent.

The Hon. David Bennett Hill, who is in
town looking for a gubernatorial candidate
who will carry New York State for the
Democrats, went out on a fishing exour-
sion yesterday, and it took him to the
private office of District Attorney William
Travers Jerome, in the Criminal Courts
Building, which tummed for hours after-
ward with opinions and theories and inci-
dents of the call. It was the general belief
that Mr. Hill left the building with a pretty
fair sized catch of Mr. Jerome's political
opinions.

Mr. Jerome has never received a visit
from Mr. Hill before. In fact, it is usually
Mr. Hill's way of doing things to summon
the persons he wishes to see to him. It
was remembered afterward, however, that
Mr. Jerome several times in his career has
remarked that if politicians wanted to
see him they would have to go to him; he
would never go to them, Mr. Jenome has
shown no desire lately to deviate from
this rule, as his friends know.

Mr. Hill appeared at the Criminal Courts
Building about noon. He was alone. Un-
fortunately for Mr. Hill, perhaps, there isn't
a man in the building who doesn’t know
him. When he was sighted by the boot-
black outpost on Franklin street, the latter
ran into the building and tipped the elevator
man:

“Ssh! Hill’s comin’ here!”

The elevator man had spread the tip
through the building before Mr. Hill even
hove in sight headed for his elevator.
Learned Judges and the intelligent jury-
men heard it and almost forgot their cases,
Mr. Jerome happened to be down on another
floor when Mr. Hill reached his office. Mr.
Hill was ushered in and waited while mes-
sengers were gent out to find the District
Attorney.

Pretty soon Mr. Jerome came a'cng
whistling. He met Mr. Hill at the office
door.

“Good morning, Governor,” said Mr.
Jerome. “How are you this morning?”

Mr. Hill returned the salutation and the
two went inside and closed the door. They
talked for an hour and a half. Then Mr.
Hill came out and met a frontal attack of
reporters.

“Mr. Hill, did you call on private business
or politics?” asked the first reporter.

“It's a fine day, gentlemen,” said Mr,
Hill, retreating a la Kuropatkin.

“Did you offer Mr. Jeroine the nomina-
tion for Governor?” asked another.

“It's an’ exceptionally fine day, gentle-
men,” said Mr. Hill.

Some one asked him as he got in the
elevator if he would call again.

“I wouldn't advise you to wait,” he called
back, as his head disappeared.

The reporters changed their base and
made a quick march to Mr. Je ome’s office;
just in time to see the door open and Mr.
Jerome come out, singing:

“I don't want any Wurzburger; I'd rather
drink gasolene.”

The line seemed to tickle Mr. Jerome.
He sang it again when the question was put
to him: “Did Mr. Hill offer you the Gov-
enorship?”

“Can't statesmen confer,” said Mr. Jerome,
his eyes all a-twinkle, “without hirelings
of the press butting in?”

Then he sang the Wurzburger piece
again and said that he couldn't discuss
the visit in any way, form or manner,

A reporter asked him if he was going

to see Judge Parker while he was here.
: “Why should I see Judge Parker?” asked
Mr. Jerome. “I'm not a politician. It
hasn't been suggested that I ‘should see
him, I haven't been invited and I don't
intend to see him,”

“But you're said to be the original Parker
man.”

“No,” replied the District Attorney,
quickly. “That, I believe, was Hoke Smith.”

Mr. Jerome said, in answer to another
question, that he did not have an appoint-
ment with any one, including Mr. Hill,
for any future talks.

Following so soon after Judge Parker's
arrival here, Mr. Hill's call on Mr. Jerome
yesterday stirred up all sorts of conjecture.
Half of his attachés had him selected
already as the candidate. This, it
was made certain, is. premature. If
Mr. Jerome is to be the candidate, that
will not be settled until he has had it plainly
understood that he is to have absolute
liberty of speech in any campaign he may
make.

Those who know Mr. Jerome know that
he cannot be swerved from any rule of
conduct that he has laid down for himself,
no matter what the result may be. He
has certain views on politics which cover
both Republicans and Democrats, and he
does not believe in keeping quiet on ene
side and shouting on the other for mere
partisan reasons. He doesn’t talk poli-
tics and never goes to see politicians. To
learn what his views are they have to come
to him, as was evidenced yesterday by the
visit of Mr. Hill. Whatever may be the

j result of the call, it was very clear after

yesterday that many others evinced more
interest in it than did the District Attorney

 

EXPRESS KILLS ,A BOY.

One of Two Who Had Tramped From
Montreal and Had Started Back Again.

Engineer Tracy Wheeler of the New
York Central day express from Buffalo
was nearing Croton Dam on the down
trip yesterday afternoon when he saw
two boys jump from the north track to
avoid a train and land directly in front
of his locomotive.

One of the boys jumped out of the way
and the other was knocked into the Hud-
son. The train was stopped and Conductor
Charles E. Fairchilds went back and picked
up the uninjured boy, who said he was
Armand Gauthier, 14 years old, of 95 St.
Hubert place, Montreal. He said his com-
panion was Alexander McLeish, 16 years
old, who lived somewhere on Brooklyn
Heights.

Gauthier said that McLeish had gone to

Montreal ony in the summer and Spee
to attead college this fall. Six weeks ago

they eee to pene. ay ote pe
havi ittle money ey rode in fr
eraine” worked en route, They
stayed in New York a week and started
back for Montreal last Monday.

Conductor Fairchilds turned Gauthier
over to the Grand Central police, and he
was sent to the Gerry society.

Barnett’s Extract of Vanilla
Imparts a supertor delicacy of favor, try it, use tt.
Ad,

Le

 

 

|

 

 

 

RUSSIAN CRUISER SIGHTED.
The Korea Seen Of Vancouver, Sailing

Southward—High Officer in Command.

Vancouver, B. C., Sept. 15.—The Russian
cruiser Korea has been sighted off the coast.

The warship was sailing southward.

Her flag indicated that she was under
the command of a high naval officer.

The sighting of the Korea was reported
by members of the crew of H. M.S,
Grafton, just arrived from Comax. They
say they saw the Korea off the northern
coast of Vancouver island.

It is expected that the Russian cruiser
will come to Esquimault or Victoria, She
is described as a larger vessel than the
Lena.

THE Sun yesterday printed a despatch
from Paris in which the St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Hcho de Paris stated
that it was expected that the Korea would
soon reach San Francisco. The Korea
was owned by the Danish-Russian East
Asiatic Steamship Company and, with her
sister ship, the Kitai, was equipped as an
auxiliary cruiser.

—_—

SENT TO HUNTSVILLE.

Governor of Alabama to Uphold the Court
in Lynch Law Indictments,

Montoomery, Ala., Sept. 15.—The Bir-
mingham company of the Alabama National
Guards, Capt. Lucien Brown commanding,
which was ordercd to Huntsville to-day by
Acting Goy. Cunningham to s2e that the
men arrested on indictments just found
by the Grand Jury were not released fromi
jail by their friends, arrived at Huntsville
at 5 o'clock. The Birmingham company
took possession of all the guns and ammuni-
tion of the Huntsville company and locked

TROOPS

the armory.
Tke action of the Huntsville company is
to be investigated. Gov. Cunningham

ordered a court of inquiry to be held Sept.
19, to investigate the conduct of the men
in not protecting the negro Horace Maples,
who was lynched on Sept. 7. The company
sent from Birmingham is to protect the
court officials and the officers froin the
friends of those indicted.

The first arrest was made this afternoon
when Eon Hill, a white man, was arrested
and locked up. Mayor T. Smith of Hunts-
ville and Sheriff A. D. Rogers of Madison
were indicted to-day by the Grand Jury
charged with dereliction of duty in not sup-
pressing the mob. Hill is the only man
arrested, but the troops have surround&
the jail and should there be any effort made
by his friends to release him there will be
bloodshed, as Capt. Brown has instruc-
tions to “do his duty.”

The seizure of the guns and ainmunition
of the Huntsville company, s0 Capt. Brown

says, is to prevent this equipment from | y.

sing seized by a mob.

Judge Speake and Goy. Cunningham are
determined that al who participated in the
lynching shall be punished, All is quiet
there to-night. A

HALIFAX THARWOR-PRONT FIRES

Flames, Fanned by Gale, Lick Up $800,000
Worth of Property.

HautraXx, N. S., Sept. 15.—Halifax suffered
a fire loss of over $300,000 this afternoon in
a conflagration which swept a part of the
harbor front. When the fire started in the
large wooden warehouse of N. & M. Smith,
the wind was blowing a gale of fifty-two
miles an hour.

The flames swept north and south aiong
Water street, destroying twenty buildings
and wharves, The firemen made a brave
fight, and after four hours’ work they had
it under control, but they were enabled to
do this largely because the wind veered
to the west, carrying the flames in the di-
rection of the harbor, and later the gale
died down.

A successful stand was made by the fire-
men at the Canada and Plant lines ware-
houses and wharfs. Three fireboats worked
there. The military and naval fire brigade,
numbering about 200 men, were called
out with their equipment to fight the fire
and protect property. Part of them were
drawn up in a cordon with fixed bayo-
nets and kept on duty for many hours.
The rest of the,force fought the fire, using
two War Department fire engines.

The loss is estimated at $310,000, with in-
surance of $150,000. The heaviest in-
surdnce losers are the local companies.

While the gale was at its height two
women were on their way to see the fire.
A tree was blown down as they passed,
striking one of them on the head and kill-
ing her instantly. Two firemen were also
injured.

 

SANK WITH BURNING BRIDGE.

Two Dead and Twenty Injured in a Fire
at Stillwater, Minn.

St. Pauu, Minn., Sept. 15.—The wooden
wagon bridge across the St. Croix River,
between Stillwater, Minn., and the Wiscon-
sin State border, was burned this afternoon
and two persons are dead and twenty are
seriously injured as a result.

The fire was caused by a cigar stump
thrown near the pier of the middle span.
The fire department responded and with
it came a large crowd of spectators who
rushed on the burning structure, which
was more than half a mile long. The fire
had weakened the timbers and the middle
span collapsed, carrying down the fire-
men, horses and apparatus and a hundred
or mopé spectators,

An unidentified man and boy were taken
from the débris dead and a score were
injured. Several persons are missing and
are believed to have been drowned. Search-
ere have been dragging the river since the
accident, but because the river is covered
with logging rafts at this place the work is
difficult. :

The bridge was a long, low, wide struo-
ture with a draw for the passage of steam-
boats. lt was built of white pine and
very dry and inflammable, and the specta-
tors rushed on the structure without realiz-
ing the danger.

BANK ROBBER KILLED.

Shot Dead by the Town Marshal of Warsaw,
Ohio—Caught While at Work.

Cosuqcron, Ohio, Sept. 15.— Alva Rivers
was killed while robbing the bank at Warsaw
last night. The village marshal emptied a
shotgun into his body. His two com-
panions escaped, but are being pursued by
a

 

vers held up Policeman Courtwright
in this city last esday, when the police-
man tried to arrest his brother, He is
believed to have been implicated in recent
robberies and safe blowings and was sus-
pected of having taken 200 sticks of dyna-
mite and twenty-five kegs of gunpowder
from the powder magazine near here.

4

1 | ever.
| out right and collections were difficult to

|
|

 

MERCHANT AND THE PONIES,

THEIR SUMMERING TOGETHER
COST JUST $22,500.

 

 

His Books Wouldn't Balance on the Credit
Side, and the Horses He Backed
Wouldn't Ruon—One That Did, DDts-
qualined—I’m Through Now, Says He,

Charles I, Lightstone, who was a woollen
merchant at 115 Greene street until he went
into bankruptcy on Aug. 25, lost $22,500
playing the races in the spring and sum-
mer, In the parlance of the game, “he
got it going and coming.”

When the racing season opened Light-
stone went into partnership with a book-
maker, each man putting up $12,600. Light-
stone gave his note for the amount. Graves-
end and Morris Park cleaned out the firm's
strong box and took every dollar it had.
Lightstone paid the note for $12,500,

Then he got an idea that he could beat
the game from the ground. He went to
Saratoga with $10,000 cash, hoping to get
back the $12,500 he dropped in his book-
making venture.

According to his own story, there never
was such a run of bad luck. He bet on
horse after horse only to see the animal
finish just outside the money. Of all the
ponies he played only one came under the
wire first. That pony was promptly dis-
qualified for fouling.

Before the Saratoga meeting was half
ended, Lightstone had lost the whole $10,000,
He borrowed $1,100 to pay his bills and get
back home,

Leaden footed thoroughbreds were not
the only cause of his undoing. He tried
Wall Street and dropped a bundle on stocks
that went down when he thought they
would go up. Full houses that wouldn't
fill and bobtailed straights that couldn't
be caught also had something to do with
the bankruptcy

Mr. Lightstone lives at 1887 Seventh
avenue in handsome apartments. He is
a good looking, well set up man of about
thirty-seven. He talked about his reverses
very frankly dast night.

“I had an attack of the gambling fever
this summer,” he said, “and I got in beyond
my limit. I have taken an oath never
again to put a dollar on a racehorse, to
invest a dollar in margins orto buy adollar’s
worth of chips in a card game of any kind.
I'm through with gambling. I had hard
luck, but I am not discouraged, That sort
of thing is likely to happen to any man,

“It wasn't altogether gambling, how-
Several investments did not turn

make from people who owed me large
sums. As it is, my nominal assets will
about match the liabilities.”

A hearing is going on before Special Com-
missioner Gilchrist to satisfy Lightstone's
creditors what he did with his money.
esterday'a examination disclosed that
between Aug. 1 and 25 his receipts from
buainess were $54,208. His check books
showed that $27,200 was used to pay credi-
tors and to maintain his family.

Of the $26,049 remaining, $22,500 was lost
on the races and $5,000 was used to pay
another claim, the deficit. being made up
out of his pocket odsh. His liabilities are
about $80,000.

 

PANAMA GIVES UP ABSCONDER.

Turns Over to Minister Barrett Man Ac-
cused of Robbing Chicago Bank.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Sun.

PanaMA, Sept. 15.—Herman E, Haas,
who is charged with the embezzlement of
$20,000 from the Corn Exchange National
Bank of Chicago, was arrested yesterday
at Colon upon information furnished by
John Barrett, the American Minister.

Haas was identified to-day by Mr. Bar-
rett through pap®rs found in his possession
and a description that had been cabled
from the United States. Haas has been
living for several months on the Isthmus,
and thought himeelf safe because no ex-
tradition treaty between Panaina and the
United States has been ratified. Mr. Bar-
rett asked Panama, as an act of international
comity, to surrender Haas, and the Goy-
ernment consented.

Chief of Police Arango assisted Mr.
Barrett in locating Haas, who was passing
under the name of Frank Edwards. He
had $800 in a handbag. He is held in
Panama awaiting the orders of Mr. Barrett.

Cuicaco, Sept. 15.—Hermnan E. Haas
was auditor of the Corn Exchange Na-
tional Bank. Last May a prettily dressed
woman entered the institution with a horse-
whip under her Jong cloak looking for
him. She was turned away by the bank
policeman, but returned several times.

A few weeks after her last visit Maas
asked for a vacation. He was told he
could have it and the day before it was
supposed to begin he disappeared. When
his accounts were examined a shortage of
$17,400 was discovered.

After his flight investigation showed the
cause of the fall of one of the most trusted
employees of the bank. The woman with
the horsewhip was Mile. Millie De Leon,
music hall dancer. She gave up the stage
on the request of the bank auditor, think-
ing him a single man. Then his wife and
two children put in their appearance, and
Haas left the city. He was bonded for
$10,000 by the City Trust and Safe Deposit
Company of Philadelphia, which has pushed
the search for him.

 

TIBETANS FREE PRISONERS.

 

Those Jailed for Political Reasons Released
When British Set the Example.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THe Sux.

Lonpon, Sept. 15—A despatch from
Lhasa says that the British on Sept. § re-
leased their seventy-six Tibetan prieoners
and presented to each of them five rupees.
This caused the Tibetans the utmost grati-
fication and they indulged in the oddest
gestioulations of joy, including the putting
out of their tongues.

The Tibetans also released the political
prisoners whom they had thrown into jail
for assisting the British on various oc-
casions, Some of these prisoners had been
incarcerated since 1883

One aged and tottering man was chained
in a dungeon for twenty years. He had
gone blind and refused to believe that
he was free. He thought that he had been
ordered to undergo torture again.

The British discovered that a secret
tribunal resembling the Spanish Inquisi-
tion exists in Lhasa and that political
offenders are tortured in the same man-

 

ner as prevailed in medimval times in
Europe.
Start right! the

See Autumnal beauties of
Hudson en route to St. Louis. All rail tckets
ood between N. Y. and pion on Day Line.
ston Exc. Oct. 3 and 4, $5.—Adr.

\

Se a ee ee ee eee eee Eee

HEIR TO ITALY'S THRONE.

The Long Desired Son Born to King Victor
—Will Be Named Hambert.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THe SUN.
Lonpon, Sept. 16.—A despatch to a news
agency from Rome says that the Queen
was accouched this morning of the long
desired son and heir to the throne.
The young Prince will be named Hum-
bert.

Victor Emmanuel III. sucoeeded to the
throne on the death of his father, King
Humbert I., on July 29, 1900, He was mar-
ried in 1896 to Princess Helena of Montenegro.
Two daughters have been born to them,
the Princess Yolande, on June 1, 1901, and
the Princess Mufalda, Nov. 19, 1902.

LORD DUNDONALD TO RETURN.

Laurier Government May Pay for Ousting
Him From Command eof the Militia.

Orrawa, Sept. 15.—Lord Dundonald,
formerly the General in command of the
Canadian militia, has bought Crichton
Lodge, adjoining Rideau Hall, the home of
the Governor-General. Extensive improve-
mente will be made in the residence, which
will be known as Cochrane Lodge.

Lord Dundonald will return to Canada
this fall for deer hunting, it is said. His
presence here, however, on the eve of the
Federal elections is not without significance
and portends evil to the Laurier govern-
ment, which dismissed him for his revela-
tions regarding the influence of politica in
the militia department.

Lord Dundonald lived at Crichton Lodge
when he formerly lived in Canada.

BRIDGE GUARDED BY ARMEDMEN

Discharged Union Men Threaten to Tear
Down Structure at Paterson.

Paterson, N. J., Sept. 15.—Fear that
discharged union men would wreck the
Broadway bridge, which it is building for
Passaic county, has impelled the F. R.
Long Company to guard the structure with
armed men. Trouble with the union men
caused their discharge by the Long com-
pany two weeks ago, and non-union men
were substituted. Since then threate have
been repeatedly made by the discharged
men to tear down part of the work.

These threats became so numerous yes-
terday that the company decided to place
a strong guard on the uncompleted bridge
until it is turned over to the county, which
will be in the first week of October.

RUNAWAY ON NEW BRIDGE.

Animal Brings Up Against Plaza Gate and
Has to Be Shot.

A horse hooked to a wagon belonging to
Binsteel Bros, of Woodhaven, L. I., got
frightened by an automobile on the new
Williamsburg Bridge last evening and ran
away. The driver was thrown from his
seat but escaped injury.

Policeman Schroeder caught hold of the
animal's head, but lost his footing. After
being dragged 100 feet he let go and the
horse dashed toward Williamshurg. .°

The big gate at the plaza was closed
and the horse plunged with great Torte

 

 

 

 

 

 

against it. The animal was so badly hurt
that it had to be shot.
LIVE WIRE KILLS GIRL.

Child of Fleven Grasps a Wire Prostrated
by the Big Blow.

GREENWICH, Conn., Sept, 15.—Abbie Mer-
ritt, daughter of Joseph Merritt of Clap-
board Ridge, was killed this morning while
on her way to school by coming in contact
withatelegraph wire. She was 11 years old,
and with her sister was walking to school
when ghe saw a telegraph wire lying in
the road, which had been broken in last
night’s storm. Abbie took hold of it and
with a scream fell dead.

TO REDUCE PHILIPPINE ARMY.

Three Regiments Which Are Not Needed
to Be Brought Home.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.—Major-Gen.
Wade, commanding the Division of the
Philippines, advised the War Department
to-day that he believes it practicabie and
advisable to reduce the present military
force in the archipelago from four regi-
ments of cavalry and nine regiments of in-
fantry to three regiments of cavalry and
seven of infantry. It is probable that the
movement of the excess troops homeward
will begin very soon.

Lieut.-Gen, Chaffee, chief of staff of the
army, conceived the idea some time ago
that it would be possible to reduce the
present military force in the Philippines
without detriment to the interests of the
United States. He communicated with
Gen. Wade, who investigated the subject
and reported in favor of the decrease.

 

 

“ELLERY CLARK" ROBBED.
Incidental Illustration of the Valne of a
Lusty Voice in Recovering a Boll.

Two detectives from the Grand Central
Station heard a man yelling at the top of
his voice in front of the Murray Hill Hotel
about 10 o'clock last night. When they
got there they saw two women scooting
away and an agitated fairly young man

standing in front of the hotel.

“My name's Ellery Clark,” said the man.
“I met these girls a short time ago and
asked them to take a drink with me. They
accepted, and both of them hugged me.
I happened to think that a roll of bills I
carried was in line with the hugs and I felt
for it. It was gone and I yelled like a good
fellow. |

“The women tried to get me to shut up.
Then one of them dropped the roll. The
other picked it up and put it in my hand.
Then they footed it.”

The detectives caught the women, who
eaid they were Jennie Wilson of 250 West
Fifty-eighth street and May King of 226
West Thirty-seventh street. They were
locked up charged with grand larceny.
“Clark's” $40 was retained as evidence,

He said he lived at 97 Front street, Os-
wego, N. Y. He was slightly more than
380 years old, apparently, was tall and well
dressed. °

A CANAL FOR SALE,

State to Seli Abandoned Waterway
Buffalo at Auction.

ALBANY, Sept. 15.—The abandoned Clark
and Skinner canal, which overs three blocks
tn the business section of Buffalo, is to be
offered for public sale by State Engineer
Van Alstyne, representing the State land
board, at noon on Sept. 28.

The Lackawanna and Lehigh Valley rail-
roads and several business concerns have
in the past negotiated with the State for ite
purchase.

 

 

   

¥

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1904
“Fair to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow, ~

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

ODELL SLATE WINS

Higgins Named for Governor
by Acclamation,

ooo

WOODRUFF MAKES MOTION,

 

 

He Did It, He Said, to Save the
Time of the Delegates.

 

It Was Obvious, He Declared, to the Trained
Eye and Ear That the Result of the
Conyention Had Been Determined ta
Advanoe—Continued Cries and Cheerg
for Woodruff and Senater Platt Until
the Nomination Was Made—The Ode@
Machine Thumped Pretty Hardy
W. H. Prendergast and A an
Rogers, Who Spoke for Woodrafl—The
Ticket Completed Without a Ballot

Saratoaa, Sept. 15.—The Republicag
State convention, which has been in session
here for two days, nominated, latéy thie
afternoon, the following ticket:

For Governor, FRANK WAYLAND Hioarmg
of Olean, Cattaraugus county.

For Lieutenant-Governor, M. Linn Brvow
of New York county.

For Secretary of State, Jonw F, O'Barmyg
of West Chazy, Clinton county.

For Comptroller, Orto Ke.exy of Genesea,
Livingston county. .

For State Treasurer, Jonn G. WALLENMEIB
of Tonawanda, Erie county. 4

For Attorney-General, Jutros M. Marae
of New York county.

For State Engineer and Surveyor, H
A. Van ALstynge of Chatham, Columb’
county.

For Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals,
Epaar M. CULLEN of Brooklyn, Kings county,

For Associate Judge of the Court of
Appeals, W1LL14M E. WERNER of Rochester,
Monroe county.

The foregoing ticket was nominated
afterscenes which will long be remembered,
Indeed, Republicans say that the events of
the day will be food for political reflection
for years to come. For instance, Mr.
Higgins, while nominated unanimously, did
not attain the prize until after friends of
Senator Platt and Timothy L. Woodruff
had made speeches which greatly cheered
their friends and which were severely crit-
icised by Governor-Chairman Odell and
his satellites.

The convention hall was packed to
the doors. Every delegate was in his seat
by 11 o'clock, when the convention was
called to order by Temporary Chairman
Fassett. ‘The delegates and visitors had
been very generous with their applause
to Mr. Fassett, Speaker Nixon, George W.
Aldridge, Senator Platt and Mr. Woodruff,
as they in turn entered the hall. Mr.
Fassett had called the convention to order,
and the proceedings were under way be~-
fore Governor-Chairman Odell enteret.
As a matter of fact the Governor-Chairman
got to his seat at the head of the Orange
county delegation, half way to the platform,
without any applause. As he was about
to take his seat, though, William L. Ward,
at the head of the Westchester chaps,
got up,and he was immediately followed
by Mr. Littauer, Abe Gruber, Senator
Brackett and the Orange county delegation,
and they started an uproar which was
taken up by the Governor-Chairman's
adherents, Who howled themselves almost
hoarse in their efforta to give him a
greeting.

With this episode over, Temporary Chain
man Fassett went on with the business
of the convention and recognized Senator
Brackett, chairman of the committee on cre~
dentials. The statesman from Saratoga
Springs formally announced that the Gil-
man or sitting, delegation from the Nine.
teenth New York city district had been
unanimously recognized by the committee
and that there were no further contests.

* MALBY FOR PERMANENT CHAIRMAN,

Major-Gen. Michael J. Dady of Brook»
lyn, chairman of the committee on perma-
nent organization, formally announoed
that the Ogdensburg stateaman, Sense
tor George R. Malby, had been elected
permanent chairman of the convention,
and Mr. Fassett appointed Senator John
Raines and Representative Sereno E.
Payne to eacort Mr. Malby to the platform,
This wa» done amid cheers, accompanied by
the band, and Mr. Malby began hia speech.
He was interrupted by the entrance of the
Unconditional and Capital City Clubs of Al-
bany, headed by District Attorney George
Addington of that city and a band playing
the President's favorite melody, “There'll :
Be a Hot Time in the Old Town To,
night.” The clubs, with the bands at their’
head, marched around the convention |
hall and closed by singing the following’
ditty:

Oh, you are all right, Teddy;

You're the kind that we remember. Don't you worry,
We are with you.

You're all right, Teddy,

And we'll prove it In November, Teddy.

We're going to keep you tn the White House,

It should not be forgotten that the Italiam
club of Albany also joined in this demone
stration. The noise that the clubs made
and the number in their ranks demonstrated
more than anything else the political activ-
ity of William Barnes, Jr., the Republican
leader of Albany county. Albany waa
right in it, for Wallace Bruce, the white
haired poet, jumped from his seat on the
platform and led the convention in cheere
ing for Roosevelt and Fairbanks. Mr.
Malby resumed his speech, part of which
follows:

CHAIRMAN MALBY'R SPERCR.

GENTLEMEN OY THE CONVENTION: J] ten-
der my grateful acknowledgment for the
highly prized distinction of being elected
your permanent chairman and to preside
at this convention representing the Repub-
lican party of this great Empire State.

As we assemble here to-day as the imme-
diate representatives of a great party, and
with the feeling of responsibility to all the
people, it will be regarded as proper for us
in this manner to briefly express those rea-
sons which induce us to believe that the
highest interest of all the people will be best
served by a continuance in power of the
Republican party in both the State and
national administrations.

Mr. Malby here reviewed the resources
of the State, showing the total in January,
1904, to be $4,345,000,000. Then he said:

Such a demonstration of New York State's
resources rank it among the greatest nations

<