e+ —
—*

 

WEATHER FORECAST.
Partly cloudy to-day; showers to-night
or to-morrow; moderate winds.

Highest temperature yesterday,

85; lowest, 66.

Detailed weather reports on editorial page,

 

VOL. LXXXVI.—NO. 298.

FOREIGN SECRETARY M

++++

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 25, 1919,—copsriont, 1919, wy the sun Printing ond Publishing Association

 

 

 

UELLER TO SIGN TREAT

Sun.

 

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

Y FOR GERMANY;

CEREMONY NOT LIKELY TO BE CONCLUDED BEFORE SATURDAY:

FRENCH INSISTENCE ON FORMALITY MAY D

 

$275,000 IN JEWELS
AT BILTMORE VANISH
FROM DEPOSIT BOX

Widow Says She Put Gems] AMBY GUILTY;

Away in May When Hus-
band Died.

AFFAIR KEPT SECRET

Some One Else Had Access
to Cache Mrs. Millhiser
Used, Is Hint.

NO CLEWS DISCOVERED

Hotel Does Not Coneede There
Was Robbery in Formal
Statement of Loss.

On the day o . .
May 20, Mrs, Clarence Millhiser placed
in a safety deposit box in the office of
the Biltmore Hotel two packages
which she had every reason to believe
contained jewels valued at about
$500,000. Twenty-four days later, on
June 13, she called for the box, opened
it and compared its contants with a
list that she had kept. She immedi-
ately notified the hotel management
that $275,000 worth of jewels was
missing, including one of the finest
pearl necklaces in America.

During the eleven days since June
13 the Biltmore has been full of police
and private detectives. “Confidential”
alarms have been sounded far and
wide. Employees of tha hotel have
been questioned by the score. Pawn-
shops and suspected fences have been
searched, The Pinkertons have vied
with the Norman J. Fitzsimmons de-
tective agency and the ablest men of
the Police Department in trying to
fathom the mystery. Lioyd’s, through
whom the jewels apparently were in-
sured, also have had agents scurrying
around, Mrs. Millhiser has retained
the law firm of Stanchfleld & Levy,
and conferences have been held with
Edwards, Murphy & Minton, attorneys
for the Biltmore, In short, there has
been a stirring around compatible
with the dimensions and circum-
stances of the biggest jewel robbery
reported in New York for many a
year.

u a

Results Thus Far—Nothing.

The results thus far have been—
Nothing, Secrecy enjoined by Mrs.
Milhiser was preserved on all sides
unul yesterday. Then there was a
“leak” somewhere, When the fact ot
the robbery was a public possession,
the Biltmore’s lawyers issued a state-
Ment of two sentences:

“On May 20 Mrs. Clarence Millhiser
of Richmond, Va., who with her late
husband was a guest of the Biltmore,
procured from the hotel one of the safe
Ceposit boxes maintained for the con-
venience of guests desiring to store val-
uables. She alleges that she placed in
this box on that date, the day of her
husband's death, jewelry of considerable
value and that when she went to the
box on June 13 to remove the jewelry
& part of the same was missing.”

Mrs, Millhiser, who before her mar-
riage was Miss Regina Viola Greene-
wald of Philadelphia and who is a niece

of Ellis Gimbel, a member of the firm
of Gimbel Bros., is spending the sum-
mer with her two daughters on the New

  
  
 
 
 

y coast. They have taken the Pot-
cottage at Jerome avenue and Pleas-
ce, Elberon,
Millhiser kept her own counsel
She said: “I can say noth-
y lawyers are Stanchfleld & Levy
0 Broadway. Anything to be sald
given out by them.” But the
were just as reticent. So were
rds, Murphy & Minton, except for
oregoing quoted sentences.

John McK. Bowman, president of the
Biltmore, was unavailable. The Biltmore

 

 
  
  

¢

1coming except from the lawyers.
The police, of course, were wrapped in
sual silence. They have an in-
of the jewels, but wouldn't admit
concede that they had ever heard

  
    

   

of : Biltmore, much less a $276,000
theft reported therein. Deacon Murphy
or the law firm acting for the Riltmore,
Me as an Assistant District Attorney

i the art of criminal investigation,

' to the hotel yesterday and did a
8

Mr

suting of his own. He met
Cohalan from the office of
a & levy, Departing, he said
was nothing new to report.
‘carence Millhiser was a manufacturer
&nd capitalist and lived for years in
Michmond, Va. He was president of
the Kichmond Cedar Works, which has
mills all over the South, and of the
Bedford Pulp and Paper Company and
& director of the West Disinfecting Com-
Dany, which makes “CN,” and other
rations, On their trips to New
for four years past the family
4 sulte at the Biltmore. They were
khown at the hotel, as was the fact
Mrs. Millhiser had an enviable col-
n of jewels. Last year they moved
‘o New York, taking a home at. 270
“ars avenue and Mr. Millhiser having
“ Mce at 50 East Forty-second street,
His health failed and on May 10 he
Went Mount Sinai Hospital, About the
fame time his wife and two daughters

 

ere

York
had
that

ert

 

 

ad (Continued on-Siath Page.)

 

TO DIE IN CHAIR

Brooklyn Bank Robber Con-
victed of Murder in Rée-
ord Time.

 

ACCEPTS FATE CALMLY

Prefers Death to Prison Term
—wWill Be Sentenced
To-morrow.

 

“Gordon Fawcett Hamby,” cultured

20 worse than Jame Jam
opinion 6 a cett,
victed of murder in the first degree by
a jury in the Supreme Court, Brook-
tyn, yesterday afternoon. He shot and
killed De Witt C. Peal, paying teller,
and Henry W. Coans, assistant treas-
urer of the East Brooklyn Savings
Bank on December 13, 1918.

He knows that he will be sentenced
to death in the electric chair to-
morrow morning. Yet he walked in
handcuffs back to the Raymond street
jail as calmly and as tranquilly as if
strolling for pleasure. And that with
& mob of 600 crowding on his heels,

The case was conducted under re-
markable circumstances and was des-
patched with a swiftness never ap-
proached in Brooklyn, ‘and probably
never in New York State. Unprece-
dented was the action of the blase
young defendant in insisting that his
lawyer, Frank X. McCaffry, abstain
from cross-examining witnesses. He
wished to be convicted. He wished to
die.

He would rather be killed than lie
in jail for years at Tacoma, as he
most certainly would if released here.
He killed Robert Davis, a friend, at
Tacoma, and was just about to be
sentenced to life imprisonment there.

Schedule Shows Speed.

The celerity with which the case
against him was completed yesterday is
indicated by the following schedule:

10:30 A. M.—District Attorney
Lewis opened his case to the jury and
denounced the smiling prisoner.

10:50—-First witness, Mrs. De

Witt C. Peal, widow, took the stand

against him.

12:30—Peter Bollinger, last of fif-
teen witnesses, left the stand.

1:08—Assistant District Attorney

Conway finished reading Hamby’'s

confession to the jurors.

1:15—District Attorney announces
people rest.

1:16—Mr. McCaffry announces de-
fence rests.

2:20—Court opens after recess.
District Attorney sums up for the
people,

2:50—Justice Fawcett charges the
jury.

3:08—Jurors leave for jury room.

3:54—Jury finds Hamby guilty of
murder in the first degree.

“I know I echo the sentiment of all
decent minded people in Brooklyn,” said
Justice Fawcett to the jury, ‘in express-
ing to you sincere thanks for your ver-
dict in this case. Any other determina-
tion would have been a miscarriage of
justice.

“You have by your verdict convicted
the worst man that has come before me
in my thirteen years on the bench, dur-
ing which time there have been more
than 6,000 criminai convictions before
me. The criminal record of Jesse James
and all the other notorious bandits I can
recall to mind pale into insignificance by
comparison with that of this defendant.”

Amid a breathless silence in the
crowded court room Hamby walked to
the rail and gave his pedigree to Clerk
Rooney. He was smiling. He said ina
low, clear tone that he was “Jay B
Allan,” 26, born in Alberta, Canada. He
had “no definite residence—the world.”
Occupation? “Sailor—that’ll do.” He
was single and had a ‘general education,
a lttle bit of everything.” Religion?
“No particular one. I may have re-
ceived some religious instruction as a
child My parents are dead.”

He was then handcuffed to Deputy
Sheriff James Shortell and taken through
Willoughby street to the Raymond street
jail, about a third of a mile. Auto-
mobiles slowed down and cars slackened
speed as the bandit walked through the
street, chatting with the deputy sheriffs
and the policemen accompanying him, a
cigarette in his mouth. The word was
flashed about. Five hundred persons
followed him to the jail doors, A thou-
sand more peered from windows and
doors.

At the office of Sheriff Griffin it was
explained that it was thought best to
take the desperate convict at once to
the jail through the street rather than
wait for the prison van to reach the
court house. It was an unusual experi-
ence to Hamby and to Brooklynites in
general,

Remarkable Career Nears End.

The conviction of Gordon Fawcett
Hamby closes the career of a man gen-
erally conceded to be one of the most
remarkable and singular criminals ever
brought before a court. For eight years
he has drifted, care free, over the world,
living a luxurious life on the toll ex-

 

(Continued on Bath Page.)

 
 
   
 
    
    

HEAD OF STOCK
FIRM IN CRASH

GOT $40 A WEEK

 

H. C. Loup, Taken Before
District Attorney, Says
He Was the Goat.

BLAMES ALL TO MANAGER

Attorney for Victims Declares
Assets Only About $10,000
in $2,000,000 Failure.

Herbert C. Loup, head of the stock
brokerage firm of H. C. Loup & Co.,
one of the three men sought after an
investigation was started into the af-
fairs and operations of that concern,
telephoned to the District Attorney's
office .xestérday that he was at Broad
nel. Mr. Swann sent Detectives
Jdhn Cunniff and Stanley Gorman for
him and Loup was brought to the
Criminal Courts Building, where he
was questioned by the District Attor-
ney, John T. Dooling of the commer-
cial frauds bureau and Benjamin
Spellman, attorney for several of the
concern's clients who started the in-
vestigation when the company failed
to turn over to them the profits they
thought they had made.

“I was only the goat of the thing,”
Loup said. “I know very little about
1) hed

“But weren't you the head of the
firm?” asked Mr. Swann.

“Yes,” replied Loup, “but Frank B.
Taylor ran it. I was really only a
clerk.”

“What did you get out of it?”

“I was supposed to get from $10 to
$150 a week,” sald Loup. “There was
an arrangement by which I was to
draw salary between those amounts,
according to the business done. Most
of the time I got nearer $10 than $150.”

How the Firm Started,

Many of the questions put to Loup
dealt with his connection with Taylor,
office manager of the brokerage concern,
who is still missing. He said he first
met Taylor three years ago in Robins's
restaurant in South Broad street, and
that as far as he knew Taylor at that
time was doing nothing beyond some ad-
vertising work in connection with the in-
vestment of securities, Loup was then
employed as a clerk in a broker's of-
fice, but in the early part of 1918, he
said, he and Joseph C. Kelsey, another
clerk, and Harry Fitzpatrick, who later
became rather widely known through his
connection with Rangeburnett Oil stock,
organized the firm of H. C. Loup & Co.,
their intention being to do a general pro-
motion business.

“Some months later,” said Loup,
“Fitzpatrick got dissatisfied and we gave
him $600 for his interest in the busi-
ness."

Soon thereafter Taylor was admitted
into the firm, Loup said, although he put
no money into it. But he soon had it
on its feet financilly through the sale of
some Alaska zinc stock. Loup declared
that from the beginning of his connec-
tion with the concern Taylor assumed the
Position of its directing head and knew
most about the firm's operations.

Loup told the District Attorney that
after the coming of Taylor he had little
or nothing to do with the books, accounts
or with the sale of stock.

“Taylor ran the place,” he said.

Limited in Signing Checks.

Although Loup as head of the concern
was empowered to sign checks on the
earlier accounts, after a while, he said,
he was permitted to sign checks only on
Taylor's instructions, and those only for
bills, office expenses and expenditures of
that sort.

“Besides arranging for Kelsey and me
to draw salaries ranging from $10 to
$150 a week,” said Loup, “we were sup-
posed to share in the profits, but there
Kelsey acted as salesman.”

Loup said he had little knowledge of
any of Taylor's transactions, but ac-
cepted Taylor's word for everything con-
nected with the books of the company.
“I knew nothing about the firm's fnan-
cial status,” he said, “although I learned
from bank check stubs once that he had
a balance of $25.090.'"

He said he had no idea what the pres-
ent assets of the firm might be, although
he thought the liabilities would easily
amount to $400,000.

Attorney Spellman declared, how-
ever, that his examination of the con-
cern's books indicated liabilities of
$2,000,000, which was the figure orig-
inally estimated. He also produced
checks showing that $30,000 in varying
amounts had been drawn from the bank
in May by Taylor, and said he had not
yet been able to learn what amount
had been drawn in June. Taylor's sig-
nature on all the cancelled vouchers and
checks was identified by Loup.

“What was Taylor's object in drawing
these large sums?’ Loup was asked.

“I don't know,” he replied, “unless it
was for some business purpose.”

Knew Taylor Speculated.

Loup saig he had been told by Taylor
that some leases for Frontier Oil prop-
erty 'n Texas were to be secured and
that an agent in the Texas oll fields
had been sent $1,000 for that purpose.
Loup also said he knew that Taylor
had been speculating, his favorite
stocks being Marines, Pan-American and
Mexican Petroleum. He told the Dis-
trict Attorney that some ten days ago
he began to get an idea that Taylor was
not doing everything just right. That
was when Joseph Kaye, 2, mining opera-

(Continued on Sixth Page.)

— ee

   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 

Wilson Helps Belgium

To Get First aan | CLOSING ACT AT
HEROIC TOUCH

Copyright, 1919: all rights reserved.
End of Titanic Drama Is

 

 

ARIS, June 24.—President

Wilson succeeded to-day in
etting the Allies to sign an
agreement by which Belgium will
have priority in regard to the first
indemnity payment by Germany
of $500,000,000 on account of
reparations.

Saturday.

It is significant that President
Wilson finally obtained this
agreement from his colleagues
immediately after his visit to Bel-
gium, which impressed him
deeply.

At the same session the plan
to clear the Belgian war debt
was approved. The plan is for
the four great Powers to take
over German bonds, which will
be substituted for the Belgian
debts. The bonds will be of a
special issue, which Germany
must make under the terms of
peace, and will reimburse Bel-
gium for funds she was forced to
borrow following the German
violation of her rights.

Not One Great Speech Appro-
priate of Occasion Is Written
Into History.

the men who burned their flags.

 
   
 
     

By KARL H. von WIEGAND.
Sta’ Correspondent of Tur Scx.

Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.
Wermar, June 22 (delayed).—The
world war is over; the greatest
tragedy of the ages was ended on this} Wilson Has Two Ways Open

| Sabbath day in the Grand Ducal to Halt War Time Pro-
Theatre and Opera House of historic hibiti
on.

| Welmar when, sitting on the stage of

the blue, white and gold theatre, the
new German “signing Government,”
headed by the professional union
labor secretary, Gustav Bauer, had a
German pen pleced in its hand with
which to append Germany's signature
to the Versailles document by the Na-
tional Assembly.

The vote, which stood 237 for.the
acceptance of the terms of the Allies
to 138 against it, five not voting, re- Special Despatch to Tar Sc.
flected the war weariness of ex- | WasHinaton, June 24.— With war
bausted Germany, the yearning for time prohibition under the food stimu-
peace, the recognition of defeat and lation act of November 21, 1918, sched-
the unescapable and inevitable end. uled to go into effect within a week in-

Thirteen minutes later the Assem- terest here and throughout the coun-
bly, by a vote of 236 to 80, expressed try centres in whether the President
its confidence in the Government interds to suspend operation of the
which courageously had assumed the law. Investigation here shows that
responsibility, courting certain un-| the President probably will act as soon
popularity, of placing Its name to the | &% he has the legal authority to do so,
treaty. “The National Assembly is and that prohibition ushered in by the
in ngreement with the Government in | £°0d bill is not going to remain in force
signing the peace treaty.” With these long, even if the President does not
words the curtain was rung down on | ee! Warranted to prevent its making

the world war as a spectacle. the country bone dry on July 1.

There are two courses of action open
to the President, according to authori-
The closing stage in the last act of; tative information here, and the
the titanic drama in many respects | Chances are all in favor of his adopting
was disappointing, undramatic and] one or the other. The first is for the
not even theatrical. After her re-| President to intervene before next
markable fight and after her people} Wednesday and irrespective of Con-
had endured untold suffering, Ger-|8Tess declare that the need for war
Cocchi stood in a large open space | Many submitted without  herolcs.| time prohibition under the food bill is
in Bologna's ancient court room of| There were grave faces and eyes that} Passed. The other is for the President
Assizes before the bench, demonstrat- | €xpressed suffering, but the majority] *t® await reports from the legal advis-
ing for Judge and jury, by means of Of those present reflected little reall-|¢rs that demobilization of the Ameri-
lawyers, clerks and desks, how the|Z4tion of what the occasion meant for}¢4n troops has been completed in the
crime was committed. He walked; Germany. sense of the statute and then put the
from one end of the space to the | Six speakers, Bauer, Groeber, | f0od stimulation bill with its war time
other, showing with his hands the} Hasse, Schiffer, Posadowsk! and Kahl, | Prohibition hors du combat.
various places in his bicycle shop.| representing the six parties in the died Hie heeled Meenetkh:
Though extremely nervous, he poured art Np EOE Se ney eck ghdhiads “nh othalale tikes endl
sembly, but — & single great speech dent's confidence is that the latter
appropriate to the occasion was writ- | COUTS¢ 18 Perhaps more likely than the
ten into history, not a note touched former, though they will not be sur-
the heartstrings or awakened the|Prised to see war time prohibition

emotions of the Assembly or of the nipped before it starts. Under the lat-
crowded galleries. ter contingency the nation would have

Instead some of the speakers de-|% fW Weeks of the bone dry expert-
voted themselves to party politics. ment followed by the lifting of the ban
Scoring the other parties, “Our party” until next January, when nationwide
and “We told you so” were favorite prohibition goes into effect under the
themes. Bauer alone made an im- amendment to the national Constitu-

pression by the directness and sim- tion.

Ss There is no doubt whatever that the
plicity of his speech. During the Pre-| president believes that the necessity of

       
 
        
   
 
  

 

 
   

COCCHI SWEARS |
WIFE SLEW GIRL

Accepted Blame

EXPECT SWIFT ACTION

Short Dry Period After July 1
Is Worst Feared by
Friends.
in Cruger
Case to Shield Woman,
He Tells Jury.

COURT DOUBTS ' STORY

American Tribunals Declared
Her Innocent of Crime,
Judge Says.

 

 

Bovocna, June 24.—Fighting for ac-
quittal, Alfred Cocchi, charged with
the murder of Ruth Cruger in New
York in 1917, presented to the court
and jury a vivid description of the
killing of the girl. He contended that
his wife was the guilty one. He ex-
plained that he had made his former
confession for her protection, but de-
clared that now she had abandoned
him he would tell the truth.

Closing Scene Disappointing.

out his account without the slightest
hesitation, speaking fast throughout
the entire length of the presentation
of his case, which lasted for forty-
five minutes.

Cocchi related the incident in his shop,
and then came tne denial that he was
guilty. He said: |
“I was talking to the signorina. My
wife struck her on the back of the head
with one of my tools. It was not I who
struck the fatal blow, {t was my wife. I
hid the body to protect my wife.”

To this Signor Bagnoli, President of
the court, retorted: “But the American
tribunals have exonerated your wife and
found her innocent.”

Cocchi answered: ‘It |s impossible for

like solemnity in the air and the ses-}bill has passed.

sion closed at 4:25 o'clock. Immedi-|Congress he said:
any one to call her innocent. Nobody ately afterward Herman Mueller, the
could have an opinion on the affair un- new Foreign Minister, sent a tele-
less he were there to see it."

The President then declared that Coo. | #°@™ to Counsellor Haniel von Haim-
chi had not been moved by altruistic | ausen at Versailles instructing him
motives in his actions, and said: to apprise the Allles that Germany

“Cocchi, jf you wanted to do the right | Would sign the treaty.
thing you would have protected the I met former Ambassador Bern-
thelt "breadwinner: If Sour wits "wee [Storft on his way to the Assembly.
guilty you might have let her suffer and | “Going home Thursday,” he remarked.
protected your children.” “Have you heard the news that the complished. Legally under the provi-

German fleet has sunk itself? Too sions of the bill the President has the
bad it could not have occurred prior | power to eliminate war time prohibition
to November 11.” when demobilization has been com-
pleted. But demobilization is a question
of fact which can be determined, and

This news spread quickly in the As-|!ast May the President referred to de-
sembly, but it seemed to cause no eee ea
excitement and was not referred to in Continued on Third Page.
the proceedings. When President| (7 & &°.°»°»&#  °®©€©8»F—~>S——
Febrenbach a few minutes after noon|| Soldiers Grateful To
rang the bell, calling the Assembly Smoke Fund Donors
to order, the theatre was crowded to
the roof. It was the first time that
the populace had shown the slightest
interest In the proceedings. There
were many ladies in the boxes and
throughout the galleries,

The new Cabinet sat at the Govern-
ment desk on the stage to the right
of the presiding officer and in the

The demobilization of the military
forces of the country has progressed
to such a point that it seems to be
entirely safe now to remove the ban
on the sale of wines and beers, but
I am advised that without further
legislation I have not the legal au-
thority to remove the present re-
strictions,

His authority centres in the question
of whether demobilization has been ac-

 

The question of the guilt of Mrs,
Cocchi was not raised in any way by
the New York police or the District At-
torney. She was never tried for the
murder of Miss Cruger, and never was
arrested in connection with the case. So
far as is known, she never was suspected
by the police, although she was ques-
tioned many times by the police and
the District Attorney in connection with
her husband's movements about the
time of the murder.

QUIT CITIES, URGES SOVIET,

Subtle Propaganda Seen in Huna-
garian Communists’ Advice,

By the Associated Press.

Buparwst, June 24,—The National
Soviet, which has been in session for
some time, has adjourned. Before ad-
journment the Soviet issued a call upon
the cities to send their populations to
the country, saying that otherwise they
would starve.

Theatre Crowded to Roof.

 

FAGERNESS of soldiers in the

Army of Occupation to learn
the latest news of the peace
negotiations does not prevent
them from sending thanks to con-
tributors to THE SUN Tobacco
Fund, whose generosity makes it
possible for them to receive real
American smokes,

The call declared that as the shops|Place of Scheidemann was the new Several m from the
in cities were closed and no business} (Chancellor or Premier, a somewhat|| boys overseas will be found on
was being carried on there was no rea- elongated edition of President Ebert.|| Page 10.

son for the people to remain.

The belief is prevailent here that the
call was issued as propaganda with the
purpose of getting the peasants inter-
ested in Communism,

 

Scheidemann left Weimar this morn-

Ing, not wishing to be present, and|/ RaACCO FUND has no connection
President Ebert and Count von Brock- |] with any other fund, organiza-
dorff-Rantzau also preferred to be|| tion or publicaton, It employs

no agents or solicitors.

WARNING! THE SUN TO-

 

 

HARTSHORNE, FALES & CO. Members
N.Y. Stock Exch e, 11 Broadway.—ddyp.

 

Continued on Second Page.

en,
Wilson Prepares to Sail on Saturday;
Poincare’s Dinner May Cause Delay

By a Staff Correspondent of Tus Sun.
Copyright, 1919: all righte reserved,
PARIs, June 24.—President Wilson is making good progress clean-

ing up many details in the hope of sailing for the United States on

 

The President may be prevented from embarking on the evening
of the day that the treaty is signed by the great dinner at the Elysee
Palace, which will be given by President Poincare, probably on Fri-

a ri faba the — of BS ane Disappointing and pe night, to all the plenipotentiaries, This is the traditional custom,
rallied agreement signed by the Intheatri ollowing the signing of a peace treaty, and the acceptance by Presi-
j rical, ; Zoe
Jeviete to Neltias tah hen ioe: Untheatrical si Wilson of an invitation to attend it is obligatory, unless he is
tiently sought action only to be willing to affront the French very seriously.
pat of many times. ASSEMBLY IN A DAZE

The Germans probably will not be invited to this ceremony. For
the first time in history the enemy will not be asked to participate be-
cause many of the French object to sitting at the same board with

 

 

WETS PINHOPE (BERLIN
ON PRESIDENT|HEAVIER GUARD

 

 

   
   
   
   
 
      
   
 
      
    

ISUNDER

 

Precautions Taken to Prevent
Disorders Following De-
cision to Sign.

 

TWO VIEWS OF SITUATION

Capital Reported Indifferent
—Another Dispatch Tells
of Popular Rejoicing.

COPENHAGEN, June 24.—Resignation
and indifference characterized the pop-
ular attitude toward the decision of
the Government to sign the peace
treaty, a despatch to Reuter’s corre-
spondent here from Berlin says, There
were no demonstrations, no flags and
no ringing of bells to usher in the
longed for peace. Stronger military and
police patrols to suppress any demon-
strations against the Government were
in evidence in the German capital.

The President of the Province of
West Prussia has resigned, according
to a Danzig despatch. The Chief Mag-
istrate of Danzig, it is added, has ex-
horted the population to remain quiet
that the transfer of the city to the Al-
lies can be made in an orderly manner.

 

Lonpon, June 24.—News of the German
Government's agreement to sign the
peace terms resulted in patriotic demon-
strations throughout Germany, the Ex-
change Telegraph's Copenhagen corres-
pondent reports.

In Berlin, Munich and other large
cities, the despatch says, processions
formed and marched along the principal
streets, the participants singing war
songs and cheering the Generals of
the old empire.

The Officers Association, it is added,
has asked the Dutch Government not
to deliver the former German Emperor
to the Allies. In a telegram, officers
of the association said, ‘‘We can't pro-
tect the Kaiser with our bodies, but we
rely upon the generosity of the Dutch
people."

ONE SENATOR SLEEPS
IN ANOTHER’S BARN

Jones, Wash., Is Hayloft
Guest of du Pont, Dell.

Spectal Despatch to Tue Sox.
WASHINGTON, June 24.—Wesley L
Jones, a member from the State of

mier’s speech there was something|the war time prohibition under the food} Washington of what is supposed to be
In his message to;the “greatest club in the world’—the

United States Senate—has come back
from a motor trip to Atlantic City with
very damaging evidence against the
truth of this supposition,

With Mrs. Jones, son Harry and gon
Harry's wife, the Jones motor bowled
merrily along the homeward way and
when near the State line between Penn-
sylvania and Delaware the overwrought
motor groaned, coughed and finally gave
up the ghost. The approach of night
and the expert opinion of the chauffeur
that nothing short of a major operation
would renew life in the temporarily
dead engine Induced the Jones family
to seek a place to sleep.

The chauffeur spied a fine, big place
up the road, reconnoitered and reported
that “a crusty old man said they could
sleep in the barn if they would promise
not to smoke in the hay.” A vote was
taken on this generous offer of hospital-
ity and there was an unanimous feeling
that a secure hayloft was far better
than no place at all to sleep.

Bright and early next morning Sen-
ator jones sallied forth to let the Dela-
ware breezes blow the hayseed out of
his hair and encountered one of the
hired men.

“Whose place is this?” sald Mr. Jones.

“It belong to Mr. Henry Algernon
duPont what used to be a Senator,”
friend yokel answered, Senator Jones
then disclosed his identity, whereupon
the fireworks started. Senator duPont
had an expert mechanician rushed from
Wilmington to revive the Jones motor,
explanations were offered and every-
thing was fine and dandy; but not until
Senator Jones told his former colleague
that he thought the limit of Senatorial
discourtesy had been reached when an
ex-Senator stowed a Senator and his
family away in a hayloft.

 

Snap
If you can save money

you can invest while you save,
Ask for particulars of

ayment Pian,

» 61 B'way.—Adv,

   
 
 

 
 

 
 

ETAIN PRESIDENT |

Teuton Delegation to Con-
sist of Twenty—Haim-
hausen Quits.

15 REGIMENTS READY

Wilson to Attach Seal of
United States in Behalf
of Government.

LANSING TO STAY ON JOB

Much Ill Feeling Developed
by Peculiar Status of
Col. House.

’

By LAURENCE HILLS.
Staff’ Correspondent of Tar Bux.

Copyright) 1919; all righte reserved.

Panis, June 24.—Germany will send
a special delegation to Versailles to
sign the treaty of peace with the al-
lied and associated Powers, The del-
egation, numbering probably twenty In
all, will be headed by Herman Muel-
ler, the new German Foreign Secre-
tary, and upon him will devolve the
task of signing the treaty in behaif
of the new German Government.

The German delegation, according to
present indications, should reach Ver-
sailles not later than Thursday morn-
ing, but French insistence on pune-
tilious formalities may hold up the
ceremony of signing the treaty at
Versailles until Saturday, the prepa-
rations requiring much time.

Not even the political exigencies of
President Wilson can deter the
French from carrying out their plans.
The new German delegates must have
thelr credentials examined by the al-
Ned: committee, a matter of much for-
mality in itself. Fifteen regiments
are to go to Versailles for the cere-
Mony and the delegates are to be
escorted back in triumph to Paris as
the occasion for another fete.

The question of President Wilson's
seal was solved to-day when he sent
the seal of the United States to the
French Foreign Office to be affixed
beside his signature.

Lansing to Remain,

With the departure of President
Wilson and Col, E, M. House after
the signing of the treaty the American
delegation here will be resolved into
n three headed commission, and in
the work for the next two months
will proceed along the regular lines
followed by the present Peace Com-
mission, Secretary Lansing will be
the head of this body, but other mem-
bers will have virtually equal powers,

The virtual retirement of Col,
House has caused much surprise here,
He is out of all future peace work,
but will remain in seclusion in Eng-
land until the American Senate ap-
proves or disapproves the treaty,
Questions of importance to the United
States and to the world still remain
to be settled here, but it is not saying
too much to state that the elimination
of Col. House, whether of his own
choice or not, will relleve a situation
which threatened to become em-
barrassing.

It 1s betraying no secret to say that
some members of the commission have
felt slighted and embarrassed in the
last six months by the peculiar status
of Col. House, which is unprecedented
in European diplomacy.

While nominally next in rank to the
President in the delegation, and ai-
ways sitting In that position In pub-

lic sessions, Secretary Lansing has
been completely overshadowed, as
have the other members, by ol,

House, who maintained practically a
Separate establishment on the upper
floor of the Hotel Crillon, the Amerl-
can headquarters, in which virtually
all negotiations were conducted, re
garding which the other members of
the delegation in many cases knew
little or nothing.

Lansing Embarrassed.

To Americans cognizant of Col,
House's relations with the President
thls was not surprising, but as it is
entirely unprecedented in diplomatic
practice it has been extremely embar-
rassing to Secretary Lansing and oth-
ers theoretically although not actu-
ally holding equal rank with House,

This situation at one time threat-
ened to have very unpleasant conse-
quences, but the danger of that is now
past. From surface indications it ap-
pears that the President suddenly
became aware of the way things were
drifting and began to seek the advice
of Secretary Lansing, while Col,
House retired a bit more into the
background,

It appears now that Secretary
Lansing will sit at the end of the
cable between the White House in
Washington and Paris, and the pecu-
Har status of Col. House tn Europe

will come to an end, except for the
duty of keeping within reach of Lord
Robert Cecil in London wiile the