s and
than
Street

D buffet
ng Cat
burg.
veland
Pull-
ing and
d, To-
Louis,
HESS
isville),

hicaga

S.-— For
Louls-

ttsburg
Shenan-
nd, ¢x-

an Bul-
Ast Lib-
pt Sun-

rtlands
Car) /
Streets,
lor and
(Dining
5, 8

K, — 7:55

(Des-
ek days.
lor Cars

Rallroad
S55 A,
, 925 A,
ortlands
M. Sun-

10 night
Limited),
(Dining
(Dining
M., 1210

and 261
ird Street
nd Cort-
ree .

rook:
Translet
ge from

sylvenia

OD,
Agent

AY,

d Station,
ts 6 min

3S—-Pull-
Sleeping
‘olumbia,
Augusta
tions for

CHAT

VIA
ARISTOL
ars, New
wa, New

e
SOUTH-
)—- Pull
Sleeping
Orleans
oxville,

service

Ban Fran

%.

n Bullet

ork to At
vannah,

s for a
service.

JADWAY

ces.
i)

e
Chambers
W. 25d sh

Bra
Buffalo
ast Mall
Arr. Cleve
Cleveland

Express
n 700 and
m. Sleepers

hamtoo
. Huftalo

ULLMAN
Bi, 401 and
273 W
rie New
ay, Brook:
ty Station
ks baggage

R. Be

Ter

 

8

tehall

undays.
only) *1:30

treet only)
755 P. Moy

Fan, _910:00
M. (Diner),
exclusively
Diner), “9:55
OLK, 1400

ht.
, 25 Unies
Brooklyn;
ge checked

ml

 

. Gordon's brigade

 

Raw

 

VOL. LXVII.—NO, 255,
ea

—

BOER ARMY SPLITS IN

—_—_-

~Latter Wont Ald tm the Defence of the
Transvaal-Free State Restotance May New
Collapse Many Barghers Go Home-Others
Go East to Lindley With President Steyn.

Special Cable Deapaten to THR SUN,

Lonvoy, May 12~The War Office has re-
gqived the following cabie despatch from Gen.

ts
wees eeueten May 12, 2 P. M—We entered
Kroonstad unopposed at 1:80 to-day. The
Cnion Jack was hoisted amid the cheers of the
few British residents.

“stevn fled yesterday evening after vainly
endeavoring to persuade the burghers to con
tinue their opposition, The Transvaalers said
would not fight any longer with the
Orange Free Staters, and made off in the direo-
tion of the Vaal River. The Free Staters ac-
cused the Transvaalers of making use of them
Many of the Free

they

and then deserting them.
Btaters have gone home.

“The progession on entering the town was
headed by my bodyguard, all of whom are
colonials, After the staff and the foreign offi-
cers came the North Somerset Imperial Yeo-
manry, Pole-Carew's division, consisting of the
Guards brigade and the Eighteenth brigade,
the naval brigade, and the Eighty-third, Eighty-
fourth and Fighty-fifth batteries with two $-
Inch guns. The rest of the force encamped
around the town.

“Before leaving here Steyn issued a procla-
mation making Lindley the capital of the
Qrange Free State, Botha and De Wet accom-
panied the Transvaalers,"”

Lindley is about fifty miles east of Kroon-
stad

Rarlier in the day the following despatches
had been received, reporting Gen. Roberts's
progress toward Kroonstad

“GENEVA SIDING,. May 11, 6:28 P. M-My
Pole-Carew's division
marched twenty miles to-day We are now
near Geneva Siding, fourteen miles from
Kroonstadfand six miles'from Bosebrand, where
the Boers are holding an intrenched position
is touching them, Tucker's

division is a short distance to the southeast and

Hamilton's column further east

“Broadwood's cavalry brigade overtook part

of theenemy’s oonvoy yesterday afternoon at

Poteietleger, southeast of Ventersburg, and
captured several wagons and prisoners.
French, Porter, Dickson and Hutton are some
distance to the north of this. We have taken
nearly one hundred prisoners in two days,

4\| Free Staters who are able to give a good
acount of themselves are disarmed and
alowed to return to their farms,

“The nighta are much colder "

This despatch was sent as Gen. Roberts was
approaching the town:

Boscunanp, May 12, 9:05 A. M.--I am eight
niles south of Kroonstad. The enemy evacu-
ated their firet line of intrenchments during
the night.

“We are now rec nnoitring toward Kroon-
stad.

“French's cavalry seized a drift over the
Valsche River at 4:30 P.M yesterday just in
time to prevent the enemy from opposing his

headquarters with

Passeue.”’
A despatch to the Central News from Geneva
fiding says: “A troop of the Inniskilling

Dragoons approached a farmhouse from which
awhite flag was flying on Thursday. While
they were unsaddiing the Boersopened fire on
them through the windows of the house, killing
several and capturing sixteen, most of whom
were wounded "

Another despatch from Geneva Siding says
the railway to that point is practically intact.

Lonpon, May 13 There is nothing in the
war news from the front this morning beyond
the information contained in Gen. Roberts's
despatches, Contrary toall expectations and
despite the reports that the Boers were busily
tntrenching at Kroonstad preparatory to mak-
ing a bie resietance, Gen. Roberts's entry Into
the town was unopposed beyond a few unim-
portant skirmishes,

The persistent mmors of dissensions between
the Free Staters and Transvaalers appear to
have some foundation, for, according to Gen
Roberts's latest despatch, they have culminated
inanopen rupture, and instead of the antici-
pated continuous fighting beyond Kroonstad,
f! seems that the march to the Vaal willno
longer be seriously contested

It is reported that President Stevn of the
Orange Free State, after making exhortations
to his countrymen to flght on, fled toward
Pretoria. Gens, Rundle and Brabant are
actively attacking the Boers in the neighbor-
hoodof Thaba N’'Chn and forcing them grad-
ually northward to Ladybrand

F\GLANDS HOPE FOR MAFEKING,

doy Over the Reported Advance of a Rellef
(olumn--Roberts'’s Rapid Progress.
Special Cable Despatehto THE SUN

Loxpos, May 12. Now that active operations
have been resumed the war has again taken
first place in English publie attention, The
Tapidity of progress during the current week
has aroused hope that the Boer resistance is on
the point of collapse, and that the war will
Feach a rapid conclusion. |

The news which most appeals to the hearts of
Foglisituen, however, is that contained ina
despa'eli from ‘THR SUN'S correspondent in
Pretoria, which is printed most prominently to-
day throughout the country, thatat last relief
6 almost within reach of beleaguered Mafeking.
When the announcement comes that Col
Baden-Powell and his brave garrison have been

Tescued we'shall see a jubilation in England
SUrfdsog even the rejoicing of Ladysmith
day

The pression gains vround that there will
bes is fl@hting south of the Vaal and
that thors j, considerable truth in the reports
thatthe Pree Staters have lost courage. Tho
events he coming week ought to decide
Whether the

var wid come to a speedy end or
be protracted for many weeks

Gen, Roberts's operations have somewhat dis-
tracted the attention of the country from two
Sbeecbes of eyiraordinary signifleance and ime
Dortar ce which were delivered by members of
the Cabinet this week. Lord Salisbury’s call to
arma has alirmed the country, but the impos-
sibility of announcing his reasons for his appeal
0 very patriotic Englishman to learn to shoot
bat somewhat detracted from the force of his
earning Of threatened invasion
hi ‘ignifleance of Mr, Chamberlain's speech
yesterday was entirely lost so faras the news-
Paders comment indicates. The Colonial Secre-
Wary so far recognized the serious chapge in
Patil opinion as to devote his long speech
; lefly to a discussion of the causes of the war
- © Sefenes of the Government for allowing

18 to be settled by the sword, Five
Months ago suchaspeech would have been
Fide antieely unnecessary and it is only @
oom + read reveies in et which would

¢ me y
has been held ciety epnelene aac
Pepeat his «

A ‘sold argument in self-justification
We from Lorenzo Marquez says posi-
leaden " the explosion in the Begbie Engi-
Sane. orks at Johannesburgk was due to

eer sness of inexpert workmen

rived in'London this morning.
The Matin, in an editorial

atacte ar
Panis, May 12,

  

 

Nipste,
Le new fold collar. age’ ™ &

rr rrrrerenrenrnr nnn Ee

TWO. have chosen an unfavorable moment to visit
the United States, since, aceording to the paper,
; the Americans are now doing in the Philippines

NO DEFENCE OF KROONSTAD, WHICH | 4). 14, British are doing in South Africa,
ROBBRTS NOW OCCUPIBS. JaMPsTowN, St. Helena, May 12.-~Two hun-
-_——-——- dred additional Boer prisoners arrived here this

Transvaaters Flee North, Saying They Will | morning.
Fight No More With the Free Staters DISCOVERIES IN EGYPT.

  
   

  
    

article to-day, says the Boer peace delegates

 

 

 

Interesting Results of Prof. Petrie’s Work at
Abydos During the Past Winter.
Special Cable Despateh to THE SUN.

Lonpon, May 12.—Prof. Flinders Petrie has
Just reported the resulta of the past winter's
exploratiun at Abydos and the other store-
houses of the records of prehistoric times in
the Egyptian desert. Fascinating indeed are
the season's discoveries, for practically they
add a thousand years to the written history of
the human race. The records unearthed cover
almost the whole period of the first dynasty of
the Egyptian kings, heretofore regarded as
more or leas mythological, and extending from
4000 to 5000 B. C. Now we are able to handle
the royal drinking bowls from the palaces, to
compare their art and carvings, to criticise the
posthumous respect paid to each king, and to
feel much more familiar with the daily life of
this agg than we can with that of the Saxon
kings.

All this has come about through a careful
study of three or four insignificant looking lumps
of black mud. The royal wine jars were sealed
and in most cases only bore the hawk name of
the King, which was not recorded in the lists of
kings. But some seals bore both names and
from these the actual tombs of the fifth, sixth
and seventh kings of the first dynasty have
been identified Other royal tombs of the same
group were of other kings of the first dynasty.
The discovery has also, by the style of the
the work and the position of the objects of
King Aha, led to this King’s being identified
with Menes, the founder of the Feyptian mon-
archy.

We are now in a position to form acorrect
appreciation of the whole first dynasty, the art
of which was rude and archaic under Menea,
but rose to its best point under the luxurious
King Densetui, fifth of the dynasty His tomb
is paved with red granite and richly furnished
Cups of crystal and beautiful stones bearing
the King’s name in large, finely-cut hiero
glyphics, and twenty tablets of ivory and
ebony with carved inscriptio s were taken
from his tomb The later kings showed less
sumptuousness, but had a more general habit
of inseribing objects on palace and tomb

The principal classes of antiquities obtained
during the past winter were the great tomb-
stones of kings, one of Merneit, a king pre-
viously unknown; one of Qa, the last king of
the dynasty; private tombstones of royal do-
mestics, fifty of which have been obtained, one
giving all the official titles of the major-domo
of this age: fine stone drinking bowls and plat-
ters: portions of several hundred dishes of fine
stones and abundant alabaster dishes, sixty of
which bore royal inscriptions; labels and tablets
of ivory and ebony, thirty with inscriptions,
innumerable pieces of carving in slate, ebony,
ivory and stones, After the selection of a
few of the most valuable pieces for the Cairo
Museum the rest were sent to London.

SPAIN'S TAX RIOTS SPREAD

 

Martial Law Has Been Proclaimed In Catalonia,
Special! Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Mapnip, May 12. The movement against the
payment of the new taros,has assumed large
proportions among the commercial and in-
dustrial classes throughout Spain. They have
formed a sortof a solemn league not to pay,
and large ftfmbers have already been sent to
prison. The movement is scarcely logical or
patriotic, for the money is really urgently re-
quired by the Government to pay the debt In-
curred through the war with the United States
and for carrying on its great schemes for
developing the natural riches and resources of
the country—*chemes from which thoughtful
Spaniards hope fora refuvenated Spain.

The Government ts showing a plucky front to
the agitation. Therank and file are being im-
prisoned by the wholesale and the leaders have
been arrested by the score and now await prose-
cution by process of law. The military party
has been urging a proclamation of martial law,
but until yesterday, when martial law was
proclaimed throughout Catalonia, the Queen
Regent had declined to play into their hands.
She knows that they wield double-edged
swords and she has good reason to know that
the majority of them are ready to follow the
first General prepared to stake his life for the
post of supreme dictator, or even for the
crown; but the man has not vet appeared upon
‘the stormy scene, and Don Carlos appears to
have less courage than ever

Everything was quiet in Barcelona this
morning. Troopsareencamped in the disturbed
quarters and cavalry patrols are traversing tho
thoroughfares. Sixteen persons who were ar-
rested yesterday will be tried by court-martial,

In proclaiming martial law in all parta of
Catalonia the Cabinet announced its determi-
nation to suppress the Separatist movement.

The young King Alfonso, who is now 14 years
old, has virtually commenced his publio life,
and the Queen Regent has emerged from the
social retirement into which she withdrew upon
the death of her husband. The Madrid court,
in fact, bids fair to become one of the gayest In
Furope, despite the storm which is raging
around it.

Little Alfonso has celebrated his emancipa-
tlon from nursery trammels by paying a visit
to the Madrid barracks, thus indicating his
preference for the army and letting the officers
understand that he intends to cherish them,
He took command of several companies of
soldiers and, to the general admiration, man-
@uvred them in capital style, This summer hia
small Majesty proposes to takea cruise on the
yacht Giralda, visiting the chief seaporta and
making @ personal acquaintance with the
provinces.

Alfonso appears to have overcome his early
constitutional debility and to have become
quite a strong lad

 

GERMAN WAR ON IMPORTS.

Agrarians Want Duty on Tobacco Ratsed and
Object to Imports of Italian Strawberries,
Special Cay Despatchto THE SUN.

BERLIN, May 12,.--The Agrarians continue the
agitation against every foreign import. At
Heidelberg tue Assembly has passed resolutions
demanding an increase of the import duty on
tobacco to at least 125 marks per 100 kilograms
and decreasing the inland duty to 30 marka,
while the granting of facilities for the importa-
tion of Italian strawberries between April and
June has stirred the Agrarian press to the
greatest indignation, though fruit in Berlin and
other towns has always been searce and dear,

 

CORRIGAN TO BE A CARDINAL?

Ramors in Rome of His Coming Elevation— He
Refases to Be Interviewed,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Rome, May 12.~Archbishop Corrigan of New
York, who is here, refuses to be interviewed by
newspaper correspondents on any subject. It
is again reported that the Archbishop is to be
made a Cardinal, although nothing has been
definitely decided on this subject.

Automobiles’ 1,000-Mile Trip.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
LONDON, May 12.--The automobiles which
took part in the 1,000-mile trial from London to
Edinburgh and return, reached here to-night,
The tour was 4 great success.

 

 

 

Laurel House, Lakewood, New Jersey; open until
June. Favorite resort for month of May.—Ads,

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, MAY 13,

a eh

 

EEE

  

 

1900.—COPYR

ARRESTS IN CUBAN CASE,

DEPUTY AUDITOR REEVES AND HIS
ASSISTANT IN CUSTODY,

 

Not to Jail, but Under Restraint During In-
vestigation of Postal Frauds-—Shortage in
Havana Office--Friend of Neely Disclosed
Hiding Place of $5,000 Worth of Stamps,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

HAVANA. May 12. W. H. Reeves, the Deputy
Auditor of the island, who was in charge of
the Post Office Audit Department prior to the
recent scandal, and Mr. Reynolds, one of his
assistants, were arrested to-day. Owing to the
increased evidence of wholesale frauds the
authorities thought it would be advisable to de-
prive them of their liberty They have not
been lodged in Jail, but are kept in rooms un-
der the surveillance of detectives

These men had opportunities for talking with
the men who are conducting the investigation
into the conspiracy, and for this reason it was
thought best to put them under restraint.
There was no desire to put a stain on their
characters or send them to prison unless {t was
absolutely proved that they had been dishonest,
yet the authorities felt that {t was their duty to
arrest them and prevent further communica-
tion with the investigators

It was learned to day that C. M. Rich was the
man who confessed and disclosed the hiding
place of the $5,000 worth of stamps, referred to in
yesterday's cable despatch to THE Sun, He was
not arrested because the statements made do
not implicate him strongly. It appegrs that he
acted only as Neely's agent, and was keeping
the stamps, it is said, for Neely. He came from
Muncie, Ind, and is supposed to have been a
friend of Neely.

It is asserted to-day that the loss will not ex-
ceed $100,000 now that $5,000 has been recovered
It is said that the inspectors know almost to a
penny the umount stolen since last July when
the pilfering began. ‘The investigation has dis-
closed amazing carelessness and lack of system
affecting even those hitherfo untouched by 4
suspicion of dishonesty. Everybody has entire
faith in the honesty of Director of Posts Rath-
bone who js pushing the investigation with all
hisenergy. At the same time the fact that he

| O K 'dan$t,800-expense bill for Neely's trip to

the United States, Including a hotel bill of $30 a
day,
had issued general orders requiring all em-
ployees of the Department to observe the utmost

shows the careless system in vogue

care regarding expenses in the performance of
their duties

It has also been revealed that there is some
shortage inthe local Post Offlce, which was at
first thoueht to have been untouched, Thus
far several thousand dollars are unaccounted
for, the shortage being due apparently to the
fraudulent sale of stamps

The registration for the election is going on
slowly. Reports from all over the island show
considerable apathy on the part of the voters
Where parties are organized, however, special

efforts are being made to get out the vote
In the rural districts the interest {sso slight
that the vote will surely besmall, The regis-

tration boards seem to be doing their works irm-
partially. There have been no complaints that
false or Hlewal registration is permitted, the
only complaints being on the score of over-
strictness from soldiers who were not permit-
ted to register because their discharges were
not properly signed. The whole of the island
is remarkably quiet.

Vhe transport Sedgwick is still aground at
Clenfuegos, Her cargo is being removed to
lighten her.

BIGID INVESTIGATION 70 BE MADE

 

It Is Estimated That the Shortage May Reach
$150,000,

WASHINGTON, May 12.- The War Department
has c@ermined upon a complete
of the entire postal service of Cuba, No branch
of the service is to be exempt from inquiry
The officials are of the belief that frauds exist
that have not yet been brought to light, anda
searching inquiry is to be made of the accounts
of all postal officials. Secretary Root has turned
the entire matter over to Acting Secretary of
War Meiklejohn, in whose department the first
discovery was made that led to the arrest of
Neely. In the absence to-day of Secretary Root
Mr. Meiklejohn had a conference with the Post
Office Department officials relative to their de-
parture for Havana, Those present at the confere
ence were Col Burton Inspector-General on the
staff of Gen. Wood; Chief Post Office Inspector
Smith of the Post OMce Secret Service, Abraham
H. Lawse, Deputy Auditor of the Post Office
Department, and H. W. Nettleton, an expert
accountant, After the conference it was an-
nounced by Secretary Meiklejohn that a thor-
ough inspection of the postal service in Cuba
would be made

“There will not be a step left unturned in
this affair,” he said THE SUN reporter,
“Everything that can possibly be done to bring
to light the true state of affairs will be done by
the War Department. Expert accountants have
been employed to investigate the accounts of
all officials, and we will get at the bottom of
the whole matter, So far as the War Depart-
ment is concerned,the prosecution of all persona

uilty of fraud and all persons implicated will

vigorously pushed.’

This attitude is supported by the President
and Cabinet. The purpose of the Adminis-
tration is to show to the people of Cuba that
the United States propose punishing every
pores involved in the maladministration of

he government of Cuba, The first step in this
direction wi be the prosecution of Neely and
the second step will be to ascertain his aceom-
plices and have them punished. The War De-
partment, according to the officials, does not
oN to give Neely any time to fight extra-
ition. The papers calling for his extradition
were received by express this morning from
Gen. Wood at Havana, and were immediately
gent to the Department of Justice,
Attorney-General Boyd began at once the prep-
aration of the papers to accompany the extra-
dition application to Goy. Roosevelt, It is the
opinion of the War Department that Gov. Roose-
velt will act upon the application without delay
and Neely will then be seut back to Havana
for trial.

The discovery that led to Neely’s arrest
was made in the Insular Division of the War
Department, which comes under the juris-
diction of Assistant. Secretary Meiklejohn.

This bureai is directly in charge of Col. Clar-
ence Edwards, a Regular army officer, de-
tailed from the Army. Col. Edwards until
he took charge of the division was on the staff
of the late Major-Gen. Lawton during the
operations in the Philippines. When he entered
the Department he put in effect several cleri-
val reforms and was directed to secure item
the Colonial offices frequent statements as
to their accounts. Several months ago Neely
forwarded, through the Military Governor
a statement showing the receipts for the first
six months of 1899. The statement showed
an average of $40,000 per month in the receipts
of the Cuban Post Offices, Early in April
the War Department again called for a state-
ment and was furnished by Neely, through
the same channels, with a statement show-
ing the receipts ior the second six months
of i809, The discovery was then made by
Col. Edwards that the receipts that had for-
merly averaged $40,000 monthly had dropped
to an average of only $15,000, and that for three
of the lastsix months this was the exact
monthly amount received.

The fact that the receinta for each of three
months should be exactly $15,000 and that the
receipts should have dwindled nearly
$25,000 monthly exciied suspicion, and the
Secretary of War asked Gen, Wood to forward
to the War Department a detailed statement
of the receipts of the postal service, At the
time Ger. Wood called upon Neely for this
he had an examination made of Neelv’a ac-
counts and specially directed an examination
by Col. Burton, which revealed the alleged
defaleation. War Separate officials say
that the amount of the shortage cannot be esti-

nvestigation

to

mated at this time, but caleulating on the basis |

that the receipts averaged as much in the latter
part of 1800 as in the first balf, the shortazo
would appear to be about $159,000. Tha only
way to discover the exact amount is to have
the experts examine the accounts of each Cuban
post office to ascertain just how many stamps

 

 

Take the Latest Train

To St Louls and the Southwest via New York Cen-

tral-Big Four Route. Le .
avery day at 0:20 P. Moraae ene Comical Station

He |

Assistant | iad away and her parents determined to

———

IGI

 

 

 

 

| tried, and his friends say that not only is he not

| MeDonald where he was and intiy

    
  
 

  

IT, 1900, BY THE SUN

 

they purchased during the past year. The
experts will then be able to gure 10W many
stamps were destroyed by the commission

appointed for that purpose and arrive at the
difference in the accounts.

 

WILL FIGHT NEELY'S EXTRADITION,

 

His Counsel Wants @ Trial in the United
States—Neely Said to Be Indifferent.

John D, Lindsay, counsel for Charles F, W,
Neely, returned from Washington yesterday,
where he had been in consultation with Attor-
ney-General Griggs, Secretary of War Root,
Postmaster General Smith and other officials,
in regard to the charge against his client of
embezzling $36,000 of Cuban postal funds,
Mr. Lindsay also saw Gov, Roosevelt. The
chief purpose of his visit, Mr, Lindsay ad-
mitted, was to secure for his client a trial in
the United States courts. Neely will have
to appear before United States Commissioner

Shields on Thursday, It may be set down as
a fact that his attorney will fight extradition
proceedings, Neely is described as almost
indifferent as to the question of a trial here
or in Cuba, His counsel, however, contends
that the difficulties of obtaining proper legal
examination in Cuba are great,

“If Neely ia extradited on
granted by Gov. Roosevelt, will you apply for
a writ of habeas corpus?” Mr, Lindsay was
asked,

“I cannot say what we will do before the
examination before Commissioner Shields,”
said Mr, Lindsay: “The United States stands
in the attitude of trustee to Cuba, ‘The groun
on which the Government will ask that Neely be
sent to Cuba for trial is that he is charged with
violating Cuban laws and not the United States
statutes,”

The opinion in the Federal building all alon
has been that Neely can have a trial here i
he desires, although the Distriet Attorney's
office will not interpose any objection to
extradition to Cuba,

NEELY IN DEFIANT MOOD.)

@ requisition

8

Says There Is No Legal Way of Taking Him
to Caoba or of Proving Him Guilty.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 12.—Charles F. W. Neely,
late financial agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment of Cuba, and charged with embezzling
4 large sum of money from the
ment, said to-day that there
law by which he can be taken back
to Cuba for trial and added — that
he did not fear the result. He intimates that dn
case extradition is attempted he will put up a
lewal fight that will be surprising. He also «ays
that there is no law here by which he van be

Govern-

is no

bul there ean be no
that he is or that he is

guilty of embezziement
Way ol proving ellber
hol

As to the charge that there was $411,000 in
statrips that were not destroyed and atterward
sent out over the island, Neely branded this as
atalsenood Hesaid that there were four men
present when the old stamps were destroyed,
and he knows they were entirely consumed
Hie further says he will return to Cuba, whether
he goes asa prisoner or not, as he has outside
interests that demand his attention

VANISHED FROM HER SIDE.

Mr. McDonald in Evening Clothes and In an
Unlighted Room Drops Into a Tank.

J. Thornton MeDonald and a young woman
whose name he gallantly refuses to reveal went
to the dance of the junior Polys at the Poly-
technie Institute in Brooklyn on Friday night.
They got tired, as young fo'ks will, and natur-
ally sought a secluded place where they might
absorb coolness and talk about things not un-
mediately connected with the oceasion. They
were unfamiliar with the architectural peculiar-
ities of the building and wandered into a dark,
dank, unlighted room. The young woman
made no objection to the lonesomeness and the
darkness of the room, She Werety remarked,

in the approved immemorial style of young
ladies in the books who have found themselves
alone with young men they know something
about, that she “wondered where they were.”
Mr. MeDonald said he really did not know, but
advised her to be brave, stick to him and all
would be well After uttering this assurance

   

Mr. Meobonald suddenly disappeared in the
vioom, leaving the young woman hopelessly
clinging to the space formerly filled by his
strong right arm

In the ordinary tank drama the  youne
woran says “Where am 1?” or something of
that sort This young woman asked Mr

ated that she
that time he had

intended to join him. By

PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATIO

 

| state,

| Ways.

come to the surface and sputtered that he |

hoped she wouldn't, that he suspected that he
had fallen into the East River or the surf at

Coney Island, and sugested that she had bet- |

snd word to the Sandy Hook life saving
Then he found the stone steps of the
Polytechnic swimming tank and made
his way to the side of the yvoung woman.
He warned her not to take his arm again,
saying that he feared that he had fallen into
something wet. Then he fished into his pocket,
brought forth a check for his hat and overcoat,
gave it tothe young woman and asked her to
lease go and vet them. She did so, and Mr
MebDonald was able to get away without letting
anybody know about his trouble, He came
back inafrock eoat later, and, it is said, re-
turned after another dance to the tank to listen
to what the wild waves and the young woman
were saying. Whatit was Mr McDonald and
the young woman probably will keep to them-
selves

ter
station

 

 

 

RAT SCARED HER TO DEATH,

Josephine Bacei Pined Away After One Got
Into Her Bed,

yesterday children stood in groups
teuement at 46 and 48 Oak
street, and talked ihe death of seven-year-old
Josephine Bucci Josephine died yesterday
morning, and the nelghborhood said it was
on account of a big gray rat. The Bucci family
arrived in this country about
wo. Jt consisted of the father, mother, Mich-
ael, a twelve-year-old son, and the girl, ‘They
went to stay with a cousin named Battaglia,
who lived in Chrystie etreet. Josephine and
Laura Battaglia, who js about 1 years
old, were sleeping together one night when
Josephine was awakened by something nib-
bling at her hands. She looked and there
waa the rat in the bed beside her, Laura saw
it, too, and cried out. The rat ran over Jose-
phine'’s face and disappeared.

The next morning Josephine, who was a
nervous, sensitive child, refused to eat. She
became hysterical and talked of nothing but
the big rat that was trying to eat her. She

All day

in front of the big
o

 

move from the house. They went to the Oak
street tenement, but Josephine never could
forget the rat and talked about it_conatantly,
She couldn't bear to be alone. Aer parents
took her to a neighboring dispensary, but
the doctors could do her no good, and she died
yesterday morning

The children near by had heard the story of
the rat frigntening Josephine, and they trooped
all day long into the room where she lay. Some
of the girls brought flowers and placed them
beside her

HEAVY SENTENCE FOR A TRIFLE,

An American in Mexico Sent to Jail for Six
Years for Stone Throwing.

AvsTIN, Tex., May 12.—-A despatch from San

Luis Potosi, Mexico, says John McMillan, an

American, after being held in jail for eight

 

months without atrial, has been sentenced to |
six years’ imprisonment in the State peniten- |
tiary there on the charge of being in a crowd of |

men who were throwing stones, one of whirh
aceidentally struck a Mexican woman, but did
her noinjury. Members of the American col-
ony inSan Luis Potosi have interested them-
selves in the case and have laid the matter he-

four months |

| mittee consisting

 

| the controlling lever

tore United States Ambassador Powell Clayton, |

in the City of Mexico It is asserted that
MeMillian was wholly innocent of any offence,
however slight, and that hia severe sentence is
due to the prejudice of a local Judge against all
Americans ‘

COLLISION IN HELL GATE,

 

The Paddle Wheel of the Steamboat Block
Island Injured by a Scow,

A big scow belonging to the Standard Oj!
Company and the Sound steamer Block Island
collided in Hell Gate shortly before noon

yesterday, The Block Island was on her way
to Bridgeport and the scow in tow was bound
down the river. The seow struck the port side
of the Block Island breaking the paddle box on
that side and damaging tho wheel to such an
extent that the areamer drifted helpleas on the
eurrent. She was carried toward the New
York shore, but was finally taken in charge by

 

 

tugs. It is aaid the scow was uninjured,

Cari H. Sohultz's
Central Park Mineral Springs, near Weat 72nd at. eo-
trance, are now open dally SA. M wOP, <<

Ade

 

OUR PARIS PAVILION OPEN.

GREAT CROWD AROUND THE BUILDs
ING DURING THE CEREMONIES,

 

 

Sousa’s Band Plays-Commissioner Peck Pre-
sents a Geld Key to Commissioner-General
Picard Who Thanks This Nation for Its
Interest,ia the Exposition--Fair Incomplete,

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris, May 12.--There was a brilliant gather-
ing to-day at the formal opening of the Amert-
can pavilion on the Exposition grounds. Nearly
allthe leading Americans now in Paris were
presentand took part in the exercises. The
building was gaily decorated and the Stars and
Stripes were very much in evidence.

Sousa’s band played a selection of American
airs. Then Mr. Ferdinand W, Peck, Commis-
sioner-General of the United States to the Ex-
position, presented to M. Alfred Picard, Com-
missioner-General of the Exposition, a com-
memorative token in the shape of a gold key
with a medal pendant. The key symbolizes the
freedom of the pavilion and the American Ex-
position buildings. The keyhead shows an
eagle with outstretched wings on a globe which
is a minature reproduction of the eagle

and globe that surmount the dome of
the American pavilion. The globe bears
the date "1000." On the key bar are

inscribed the letters "U.S." in gold. On the
front of the medal there is a picture of the
pavilion flanked by French and American
flags. The obverse bears the inscription in
French: “To Alfred Picard, Commissioner
General of the Universal Exposition of 1900,
from the Commissioner-General of the United
States of America.’ It also contains a mini-
ature of George Peixotto’s full portrait of
President McKinley.

Architects Coolidge and Goustraux handed
the pavilion over to CommissionereGeneral
Peck. The latter made a brief address to
Cominissioner-General Picard, in the course of
which he referred to the fraternal feeling be-
tween France and the United States. At the
close of his address Mr. Peck presented the
symbole key to M. Picard

In reply Commissioner-General Picard, after
congratulating Mr. Peck on his work, paida
tribute of respect and admiration to the Amer-
ican people. He expressed his admiration for
the building and declared it was a monument
raised to the friendship of the peoples of the
two nations. Inthe name of the French people
he thanked the powerful Kepublic across the
sea for the way it had responded to the invita-
tion of France to participate in the Exposition,
He returned thanks to the people in attendance
for their presence, and concluded by saying:
“Long live the United States! Long live McKin-
lev! Lsalute the Star Spangled Banner!”

The crowd was so great that access to the
building was almost impossible There wasa
large force of police in attendance, however,
and the people were kept well in control.

The opening of the American pavilion was
more largely attended than any previous event
of this kind since the Exposition opened on
April 14. The idea had gone abroad that there
were to be some grand ceremonies which would
be well worth going tosee, On the contrary,
however, no arrangements to entertain the
public outside of the concert by Sousa’s band
had been made

THE SUN correspondent was too sanguine in
suggesting four weeks ago that the exhibition
would be practically completed by the end of
May. Another month at least must oclapse
before the great show willapproach a finished
The exhibitors have aspecial grievance
in the delay and the damage to goods on rail-
Weeks elapsed after the American ex-
hibits were Janded at Havre before they reached
Paris, and the amount of damage inflicted is so
great that it that it must have been
malicious

The attendance on week days at the exhibition
averages from 30,000 to 40,000, but the absence
of visitors has no appreciable effect in keeping
down prices. THE SUN'S warning of a month
ago is more necessary than ever. This is no
place for a poor man, and unless prepared to
pay at least double value for the ordinary com-
forts one had better stay away.

sees

WELCOME FOR BOER ENVOYS.

Protests to Be Exposed Outdoors for Signatures
Receptions in Many Cities,

The three Boer envoys who are expected to
arrive here either to-morrow or Tuesday on tho
Maasdam will be met down the bay by a com-
of Kilaen Van Rensselaer,
Theodore Banta, George W. Van Siclen, P.
Louter Wessels, a brother of one of the envoys
andthe chairmen of committees of the Alder-
menand Councilmen. The piers at Hoboken will
be decorated with Boer and American flaga in
honor of the visitors. At thisendof the Bar-
clay street ferry the envoys will be met bya
deputation in twenty-five open carriages and
escorted to the Hotel Manhattan, where the Cit-
izens’ Committee has engaged a suite of six
rooms forthem, On the day after their arrival
the envoys will be prrsentes to the Mayor, and
afterward there will be a reception in the City
Hall by the committees of Aldermen and Coun-
Cilmen. Desks will besetin the walks leading
from the rear of the City Hall and provided
with copies of the following protest which the
people will be invited to sign as they leave the
reception

“Kach subscriber hereto desires to express
sympathy with the two South African Repub-
lies In their struggle for independence, and
with the soldiers, British as wellas Boer, who
are being needlessly slaughtered, and we pros
test against the wrong position which has been
taken by the British Government. Inthe name
of humanity, af civilization and of religion, we
call upon Great Britain to stop the war, and to
submit all points of difference to arbitration.”

The Common Council of Newark has passed
resolutions of a similar Cenor

Mr. Van Siclen said yesterday that le had ree
ceived word that receptions to the Boer enyoys
have been arranged in more than forty citles
including Boston, Bangor, Providence, New
Haven, Harrisburg, Wilmington, Riehmond,

| Denver, St. Louis, Lincoln and San Franciseo,

and that a mass meeting will be held in Wash-
ington on Jan. 20 for which Congressmen have
already subseribed over a thousand dollars

When asked if the envoys would visit the
President whilein Washington Mr Van Siclen
said: “They will not if my advice is followed,
because they will be treated politely and
ordered on file in the office of the Secretary of
State.”

FREDERICK BENNETT DYING,

His Automobile Ran Away and He Was
Thrown Oat, Striking on His Head.

BINGHAMTON, N. Y., May 12.--Frederick
Bennett, one of Binghamton's wealthiest citi-
zens iadying at his home in this city as the result
of injuries sustained by being thrown from a
runaway automobile As he was leaving the
Dobson clubrooms on Thursday night he invited
a friend to take aride, While going down the
principal thoroughfare the mac iine began rune
ning from side to side, refusing to respond to
When it reached a speed
of thirty miles an hourit struck the curb, throw-
ing thetwomenout. Mr. Bennett struck on his
head and was picked up unconscious. He has
since remained ina ee Dr. A.J. MeCorsh
of New York was wired for, and held a consul-
tation with local surgeons. Mr. Bennett's con-
dition je extremely critical, and it is said that he
cannot recover

The machine, after throwing out the oceu-

ants, continued down the street, and was final-
y stopped by obstructions thrown in front of it
by pedestrians and overturned, the wheels apin-
ning in the air for some time. The vehicle was
not injured. Mr. Bennett's companion escaped
with an abrasion of the shoulder

Gov. Roosevelt Will Be Here To-day,
WASHINGTON, May 12.- Gov. Roosevelt dined
this evening with Thomas Nelson Page and will

leave at 2 o'clock to-morrow morning for New
York. It iathe intention of the Governor to
run down to Oyster Bay and return to Albany

| about the middle of the week,

A Great Variety of Sabarban Homes,
Pora folder giving complete information send a
l-cent stamp to George Daniels, Grand Central
by or apply to New York Central ticket agents.
Pe

 

 

N.—THIRTY-TWO PAGES,

FREDERIC VROOM, ACTOR, SHOT.

 

Struck His Wife, Grace Addison, on the
Street, and She Retallated- Injury Slight.
San Francisco, Cal, May 12, ~Frederic

Vroom, the actor, was shot but not ser-

fously wounded to-day by Grace Addison, the

actress, who is his wife. She said that Vroom
has been acting improperly with an actress
named Miss Maud Morrell, and meeting him to-
day she produced proofs of their intimacy.

Vroom was enraged and struck her, She drew

a pistol andshothim. The bullet glanced ona

rib and inflicted only a flesh wound.

Vroom is a brother of Edward Vroom, the
London playwright, and had recently been sup-
porting Nance O'Neill in Shakespearean plays
here,

 

SIBERIAN EXILE ABOLISHED.

No More Ruasian Saspects to Be Sent There
Without Judicial Inquiry.
Special Cable Desvatch to THE SUN

LoNpoN, May 12.- On Monday last, on the
initiative of the Czar, the Russian council
unanimously passed the bill abolishing trans-
port to Siberia and arbitrary exile without
Judicial inquiry. It absolutely abolished the
transportation of criminals inthe mass of cases,
and the construction of central prisons for
their temporary reception will be hurried

What this means may be partly appreciated
from a consideration of the fact that there are
300,000 exiles now in Siberia, half of them with-
out having had a@ trial. ‘Two-thirds of these
lead a nomadic life, preying on the country and
suffering and inflicting violence and misery
The remainder have settled down to a struggle
to earn an honest Jivelihood,

HURT ON A RUNAWAY TROLLEY CAR.

The Brake Fafled to Work on a Down Grade
and Passengers Were Shaken Up.

Yonkers, N. Y., May 12.—A runaway trolley
ear fullof people left the track and crashed
into a bank at the side of the road this evening
on Yonkers avenue, and several persons were
hurt. Motorman John McCauley brought car
188 from Mount Vernon, and having been de-
layed was endeavoring to makeup tlne He
came down Valentine's Hill at a lively rate and
presently discovered, while still on the slope,
that his brake would not work. There are

several sharp turns in the hill road and the
motorman fearing a catastrophe reversed the
power, This caused the car to lurch and piteh
the passengers in aheap inthe centre The
momentum of the car Was too much for the

reverse power, and it continued down
the hill with fire flying from the wheels
and rails. Near the base Of the bill,
at Midland avenue, the car left the
track and plunged into a bank at
the roadside Immediately there was
confusion, The men_ passengers bellevin,
the motorman to blame tried to mob

him and he had to defend himself with a
switch bar. A mounted police officer arrived
in time to prevent further trouble It was
found that George Weeks of 144 Nepperhan
avenue had his leg badly injured, and two
women Were found unconscious on the floor of
the car, They were revived by neighbors,
Several men had their hands cut from troken
glass, The front of the car was demolished,
but the motorman was not burt

FOUND THE REGICIDES .WELL.

 

Interesting Discovery of a Lost Relic Made
Near the Campus of Yale University.

New Haven, Conn, May 12.--The con-
tractors who are tearing down the buildings
near the Yale campus to make room for the
new Yale bicentennial buildings made an in-
teresting discovery this afternoon. The dis-
covery is that of the old regicides’ well, which
has been practically lost to local history for
halfacentury. It is about a block north of the
Yale campus, and is under the front porch of a
brick house It has been covered up for halfa
century, but the wall remains and a drain jeads
from the surface into the shaft of the well, It
can be seen easily by any one going down into
the basement floor of the building

The well is one of the most interesting of the
relics of the town. Noone knows who dug it
or how old itis A hundred years ago all that
part of the town was au marsh and traces of this
marsh remained until well on into the middle of
thecentury. In this land, which was far out
from the centre of the town 100 years ago,
tradition has it that the three English regicides,
Edward Walley, John Dixwell and William
Goffe, lived in retirement ina hut which they
had built in the woods. Near this spot the
regicides dug the well in a rude way to get
water. The three men remained but a short
time in their hut and went then to Westville

well known to local historians. It is reported
that the college will put a memorial tablet on
the walls of the new alumni hall to com-
memorate the regicides’ well,

COURT ALLOWS THE BOY A CATROAT,

He Will Mave a Million Some Day, bat Now
Extras Require a Court Order,

Marie W. Chrisholm as the guardian of
Francis M. Whaley, who is under 14
yeara of age, has obiained an order from

Justice Andrews of the Supreme Court, re-
quiring the Farmers’ Loan and Trust Com-
pany to pay her $600 beyond the allowance of
$5,000 a year made for the support of the boy,
so that she may buy asmall catboat for him to
aailabout Charleston Harbor The boy isa
son of Louisine Wo Whaley, a daughter of
Nathaniel I. MeCready His mother died
several vears ago and he has since been a
ward of the court, to which applications have
at diferent times been made to_inerease the
sums allowed for his support. The company
now has $523,000 belonging to the boy which his
mother received as her third of her father's
estate and accutiulated income of $50,000

Mrs. Chrisholin resides with the boy on Edisto
Island, off Charleston Sheavers that her ward
has taken to vachting and she desires to en-
courage him in the sport, asit is healthful and
Charleston Harbor furnishes excellent cruising
ground She has fonod that to maintain the
boy as his mother was accustomed fto live re
anires all of the allowance of $5,000 a year and
she has none of the allowance left to spare for
the purchase of the catboat

BUMPED A NEWSBOY'S HEAD.

Broker Henry Y. T, Stewart Arrested on a
Charge of Assault,

Henry Y. T. Stewart, who said he was a

broker living at 67 West Fifty-eighth street,

was locked up in the Tenderloin police station

last night ona charge of assault. John Kaerr,
a newsboy, made the complaint. Stewart and
two companions were passing the Seventh
avenue side of the Metropole Hotel where a
crowd of newsboys stood, when one
of the boys threw a missile that hit
Stewart in the baek Stewart wrabbed
Kaerr and shook him In doing
be bumped the boy's head against the iron
railing of the hotel The newsboy set up a
great howl and a crowd gathered, bringing
Policeman Hauk He arrested Stewart when
he saw the bump on the newsboy's head

MAYOR ARRESTS A PREACHER,

He Said a Woman's Character Was Bad and Is
Called Upon to Prove tt.

Ricamoxp, Va, May 12. The Rey. Clarence
F Ball, rector of Grace Episcopal Ch
Alexandria, was put under arrest this morning
by the Mavor of Alexandria, for insisting on

making a statementin the case of Benjamin
Goldsinith, charged with attempting to erim-
inally assault Mrs. Mary Rollins. The minister
insisted, however and sald that the woman's
character was so bad he declined to allow her
to join his church The case went over until
Monday when the minister will substantiate his
statements b¥ witnesses

JOLIET MILIS TO START UP AGAIN,

Notice to 800 Idle Employees of the Mltnots
Steel Company to Go to Work,

Jone, IL, May 12 Eight hundred men who
have been idle fortwo weeks will go back to
work at the Liifnois Steel Company on Monday
morrming Notices were sent out to-day order-
ing all men in the converter, billetmills and all
departments, except the rod mill, to appear for
work. Assoon as suffleient stock is on hand
the rod mill will startup and the entire plant
will then be in operation for the first time since
the unexpected shut-down. This, it is thought,
will be in about two weeks at the most.

Rely Upon Platt’s Chiorides
for holisehold disinfection, Odorless and cheap. —Adr.

|

ATTEMPT TO ABDUCT

and West Rock, where their peregrinations are |

 
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
    
 
   
  
  

A

 

 

} Nachitoches, 150 men

Fair and warmer to-day and to-morrow; sr

fresh south winds,

   

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

——s
“GYP.”

FRENCH COUNTESS AND WRITES
LURED TO A LONELY HOUSE,

Escapes Through a Window That Was Left Use
fastened-Makes a Kope Out of Sheets
~Alleged Message From a Royalist Used
by Abductors Belleved to Be Dreyfasards,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Pants, May 12. There is a great sensation
here over an attempt to abduct the Countess de
Martel, the well-known writer over the nom de
plume of “Gyp."’ She was on her way to a poe
litical gethering on the evening of May 11 when
she was accosted by three men, who told het
that the Royalist, M. Barillier, who figured ia
the High Court during the recent trial
of conspirators against the State, had
something important to communicate to here
The Countess immediately took a cab which
was in waiting and was driven off through the
open country. She had some misgivings, and
altempted to scream, when one of her captors
sinothered her head with an overcoat, She
ceased her struggles on receiving assurance@
that she would not be harmed

The cab stopped at a lonely house and the
Countess was carried to a room, When the
men had gone she unfastened the window and
threw the mattress to the ground, Then she
made a rope of the sheets and dropped out of
the window Half stunned and badly bruised
by her fall, she wandered about and finally
found herself in the suburban town of Bercyg
southeast of Paris

The friends of the Countess are very muob
incensed over her treatment and threaten ree
prisals on the Dreyfusards, whom they hold ree
sponsible for the outrage.

BROTHERS DROWNED TOGETNER.,

The Younger Had Gone to the Rescue of the
Elder at His Call for Help.

Frederick Nelson, 10 years old, and George
Nelson, 8 years old, sons of Frank Nelson of 54
Fighth street, Long Island City, were drowned
off the Kighth street pier at Long Island City
yesterday afternoon. When their bodles were
dragged from the bottom of the East River last
evening they were found clasped in each
other's arms. George was the hero His
brother fell off the dock and George sprang
to his rescue. Before help arrived botla
became exhausted and they sank together,
John Roulett, 8 years old, of 83 Seventh
street. Was the only witness of the drowning.
The three were playing tag on the dock. They
were running on one of the string pieceg when
George's hat fellinto the water. In attempt-
ing to rescue the hat, Frederick lost his bal-
ance and fell overboard. He splashed about
in the water and cried to his brother for help,
Without a moment's hesitation the younger

brother plunged in and caught hold of Fred-
erick hey tried to reach the dock. Each
could swim, but owing to excitement, and
weighted down by their clothing, they became
exhausted and sank,

Roulett, unable to assist the brothers, ran up
Eighth street to givean alarm, He burstin the
door of the Nelson home and cried to Mrs. Nele
son that her boys were drowning in the river.
In a few minutes a crowd had gathered at th
dock, but the bovs were far from reach ot

help. Later, when the river was dragged the
rake caught in the clothing of one of the
and as they were clasped together, both es
were drawn to the surface,

Mrs. Nelson is nearly crazed with grief. Her

husband is einployed as a painter in Manhettan,
He learned of the sorrow in his household upon
his return home late in the evening There are
two younger children in the family. Bi

months avo the Nelsons were turned out o'

their home in Ravenswood, Long Island City,
They lost almost everything they owned Mr,
Nelson had been out of work for several
months. Only recently he obtained employe
ment in Manhattan.

 

PASSENGERS SEF A LYNCHING,

Negro Hanged by a Mob Close to a Rallroad
Station in Loul:fana.
ALEXANDRIA, La, May 12.—Lena Station,
twenty-six miles north of here, was the scena
of alynehing to-day. Henry Harris, a negio,
aged 20 years, was hanged ona tree opposite the
railroad station in full view of the passengers

ona Texas and Paciflo train, The negro had
attempted a criminal assault on Miss Louise

Mclaughlin, aged 18 years, who lives twe
miles from Lena with her two brothers,
She and her little nephew were = fishe

ing on a creek near their home when they
were surprised by the appearance of the negro.
He struck Miss MeLaughlin on the
head witha qdub, and then attempted te
choke her, but the appearance of a
pesser-by frightened him off before he
could do further harm, He was arrested lass
night and taken before Miss MeLaughiin who
identified hira

While the deputy sheriff was waiting with the
negro at station to cateh the train for
overpowered him and
seizing the negro hanged him toa tree close by.

COLOMBIA'S REVOLUTION,

the

A Report From Panama That the Insurgents
Are Likely to Take That City,

SAN Francisco, Cal, May 12.—The steamer
San Juan, which arrived to-day from Central
Ainerican ports, reports that the revolution ig
Colombia is far more serious than the cablee
rams from Panama would indicate, The
chief officer of the steamer said

Phe assertion of the Colombian Government
that the has been suppressed is
absurd The revolutionsts are increasing im
strength every day. and Panama is liable to fall
intotheir hands atanv time. They are not
oply better acmed than the Government forces,
but they secretly have the sympathy of the
people who have become greatly incensed at
the arbitrary acts of the Government.
Promineut. citizens of Panama have bees
Hoprisoned on suspicion and many unjustifle
able acts have been done. ‘The Panama Star
and Herald suppresses the news out of defere
enee to the Government and corresponden
are pot permitted to send the true facts b
cable

“The steamer left Panama on April 25an@
stopped onty at Acapulco She brought n@
passengers, but hada heavy cargo of coffee,”

revolution

WALTER DURVEA ABLE TO WRITE,
The Man Who Lived With a Broken Neck

Making Good Progress.

Walter Duryea, who broke bis neck last Auge
ust while diving at Oyster Bay and who was ope
erated ona month later by Dr. Abbein Roosee
velt Hospital, where he has been a private pae
tient ever since, Was able yesterday to write. He
was Wheeled down stairs to the reception
room, where a pencil and paper were given to
himand he amused himself and delighted hi
friends and attendants by showing that he ha
sufficient strength and control of his move-
ments to write his name and several short
sentences. His hand gained steadinesa with
euch effort
Reet Sagar Company Orders Ten Auto-Tracks

lyons, N Y, May 12- President Orlando F,
Thomas of the Empire State Sugar Company,

| who is erecting a $600,000 heet sugar plant hera,

has given an order to the General Carriage
Company of New York for ten auto-trucks,

five tons eapaecity each, to be used to cart
sugar beets from farms to the refinery. The
company bas 5,500 acres contracted for, Mr.

Thomas has also given an order to the same
company for three electric omnibuses to run
between Jvons and Sodus Point, on Lake
Ontario, asummer resort, to compete with the
Northern Central Railroad for passenser traffic,

Freight Wreck on the Central,

ScuHpxecTapy, May 12. -A west-bound freigh®
on the New York Central broke in two between
Little Falls and Fast Creek at about & o'elook
this afternoon No one reported killed All
four tracks were blocked for atime, but pase

trie 1) and 2 were quickly cleared
and traies are now ruinhninag on time

eeneer

Center of American Metropolis
Is Grand Central Staion of the New York Central tg
42d Street. You can reach ition from hall a minute
fifteen minutes from 77 New York hotels, 66 aad
and 31 theaters Ade