_—

J!

     
 
  
  
  
  
  

    

=

=

hae

ee

ee ee

Eee

 

i
‘
4

STORY OF THE CAKRANZA

EPISODE OF THE WAR,
A Former Secret Service Agent's Ac-
count of How He Got the Doc ument

<—Breaking tp the Spanish Spy System
Ap Interview With Senor du Bose,

Copyright. (90, by Rob Medfern
Late one mil, some tine ta the th ddle
of May, 180%, while Twas working out of the

New York office of

of the Treasury Departinent, | recerved direc
tlone to wo to Montreal by the first train and
ascertain what arrangetnenta had been made

fur operations during his alsener abruad by
Befior Polo, who had beeu Minister from Spain
at Washington.

The next night, about # 0 olock, | arrived
at the Balmoral Caatle Hotel, Montreal The
following day was Sunday and Httle could be
done beyond making calls at the several hotels
At the Windsor I learned that Sefior Polo had
left Montreal on the previous Friday with
most of his party, but that two of his aldes
had remained to assist the Spanish Consul-
General, Fusebio de Boniile v Martell, whose
residence was at 1348 Dorchester street

It was then impolitic to ask the names of
the gentlemen remaining, but in the evening
it was easy to distinguish thern in the hotel
corridor by their nervous manner, They
were Sefior Ramon Carranza, lately Spantsh
Naval Attaché at Washington, and Sefor du
Bosc, the former Secretary of Legation, and
they formed part of a group of French Cana-

‘ @ians, which included Mayor Prefontaine
and other city officials. Among the most
frequent callers at the Windsor Hotel waa one
C. N. Blakely, ut that time connected with the
Dominion Line office, and formerly, for tea
years, Spanish Consul-General at Montreal. I
found him useful later on.

A day or two after this, while passing
through Dorchester street, | observed a middle-
aged woman coming ont of 1248 Having
nothing betier to do. 1 shadowed her to 188
Hutchinson street ‘The door of Us house
bore the name-plate of “lr. Simpson” I

rang the bell after she had entered, and my
ring was answered by a servant, who told me
that the woman was Mere. Simpson and that
she rented houses, furnished and unfurnished,
to the “upper class of people.”

It then occurred to me that perhaps the
Kpanish Consul intended to move, and the next
morning J called on Mrs. Simpson, inquiring
what she had to let in the West Pind, or, as it
fe called there, Westmount. | assumed to be
an Englishman, and, with monocle, London
clothes, a cockney accent and references of
the best, soon convinced her that [ would be
a desirable tenant, after which she gave ne a
liat of houses that were for rent and the keys
to several!

From the information obtained that dav
{t was apparent that the Spaniards conten
plated leaving the Windsor and taking a tur
nished house By hard work | found that
they were negotiating for a house at 42 Tuy per
street. It was the residence of George Marler
a broker Later that same mght I went over
to the West End and located the house it
was an ideal selection for the Spaniards, be-
ing detached, with an allew running on one
sideandalong the back of the lot. My next
niove was to get inside and obtain a knowledge
of the floor plans. So I called on Mrs. Simpson
again,telling her that none of the houses looked
at would answer. Incidentally EF mentioned
that a friend had told me about a house which
an acquaintance of his desired to rent furnished,
and I then named the Marler house as the one
in mind

“Oh, but that house fs already rented,” said
Mrs. Simpson. “lwo foreign gentlernen bave
taken it.” y

“Ah,” said Mr Donaldson (Robert Donaldson
was the name assumed by meat that time), “are
they there for the season’”

“Only for six weeks.”

very good,’ said Donaldson "My folks
cannot possibly be bere until July If we
might be permitted to see tne house’

Mrs. Sitapeon thought it could be arranged
and telephoned then and there, asking if she

might send a prospective fennaul to see the
house. The reply was favorable
That night 1 had #2 Tupper street under

eurveillanee until 1 A. Mo It was very wart,
and the tenanis had the windows wide open
From the position | had taken | could see, with
the aid of a good pair of binuculars, that they
were examining maps aud writing letters
Prompt action was evidentiv necessary, hut
realizing that if } went to the house alone
suspicion would be aroused, | determined to
look for some persona who cod fallow instruc
tions. The following morning, in passing
through Victoria Square, | noticed a portly,
happy-looking gentleman, whose face seenied
familiar, He was accompanmed by a woman
1 shadowed them a short distance, when |
remembered that 1 had known him in Cal
fornia as an operauc star, They brought up
at the Queen's Theatre, entering the stage
door. Later | leaned that they were I. Wil-
mott Eckert and his wite, kiunw Berg, and
that they were doing a musical sketoh, “Master
and Pupil Ihen LT knew who the man was
About i o'clock the teat morning 1 noticed
Mr. kekert at the newsstand He wore a minin-
ture American flag in the lapel of bis) eoat
When T saw that | addressed him and renewed
our acquaintance

After alitile he invited me to bis apartinents,
where he introduced mie to lus wile Belore
1 left them the plans of a visit to 42 Tupper
street were gone over aud arrangements uade
for A meeting the neat day

About 1! o'clock the following dav Kobert
Donaldson, accompanied by bis sister and
brother-in-law Ge quickly arranged relation-
ahip) extived at 42 Tupper street, and to the
mald who answered the bell presented the
eard which | lad obtained froma Mrs Stropsen
J) was taken fo the Spaniards, who were yet
then at breakfas!

"Very well” said Sefer
fs open to them

The maid then returned to the callers. and
ylacing the ecard in a tray on a Stand at the
Pint of the stairs, ushered us to the upper floor
After passing through the front rooms, Mrs
FKekert keeping the maid engaged, my eyes
began looking for something, When | had
Jooated it we went to the back of the horse
Then Donaldson remembered that he had not
counted the windows in the fronftof the house
and, leaving the rest of the party on the back
oerch, he returned to Lieut. Carrangra’s room
de was gone but a moment but in that ume

du Bose

Ue house

 

@ bulky document, all eealed and stamped
hich had been lying on a desk, was trans
erred to the pseudo Bowlshman’s ingide pocket
hen the signal agreed pon was given and
e were escorted down the stam When

the maid looked for the card in the trav. it

too, had disappesred
A hurried inspection of the tower floor wus
ade, and thanking the set we departed,
e sister and brother-in-law taking a cur
while | went direct

» the office of the tL nited States Cousul-Goen
eral. ‘The gentleman there wed te
me or to have vo) thing todo with the package

ig at the first corner

rely Hssist

About 2 o's k that afternoon there was
me ereiterment aot) of Montreal and
a local hawkeshaw vere very busy visitina

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

 

 

  

 

BAFFLED SPAIN'S SPIES,

1KITER

the Seeret Service division

aloons & Meanwtile the sister and brother
Nn-law were tokine part in a matinee perform
ance, while Pronald had some letters to
write, and rericiaed Wis room until +? M
Then, having decided how to handle what
pes since been Known as (he “Carranza letter
© proces ~“dftooput tie plum unite exeention
The tratn leaving Montreal that night at
9 was run th Yan ' countrys
Iways trae), cist wre person of
ne of them wa rathe ae, whirls
pe Was to place in tiie toil tes cantl wher
is train arrived al st \ibans Vt this ser
Vice was well per me
The next 4 Sunda suk the ater
end) brothe Fr bewia booked, look !
@ariy morning tr ‘ Lorene i ent tol
the station to see coy foiends off, and noteed
@everal sleutive standing around looking wise
Returning to the hotel I arnied that Josephs
Kellert, manage w Metropolitan Detective
Ngeney, Montres hed been arrested about
3 o'clock that morning, charged with stealing
the Carranza let Wis interested enonat
to ask a few « stone rewarding the details
and was info “i arrival agenes. im thie
employ of the S&S had furnished the
Information against Nin and that the raid
£42 Tupper street had “positively identified

imasoneof aparty that had visited the house
On the nest day, after the letter had been trans
lated and published and hoportanees to
the United States established, 1 received in
Btructions to return to Washington at once
‘rriving there | reported to omy superior
officer and informed him that T was in no dan
ger, that if T had pot thought it best that 1
should remain in Montreal Pshould have
brought the letter toe the Tnited States per

 

sonally. and expressed a desire to be permitted

to return at once
The next dav, after shaving off nv beard
then worr

go enins apparel of the fashion
Frenchmen in Montreal, and with a travel-

abouts of Carranza should be known,

fore
board his vessel that night, 1 called on his

 

went,
Luw-
ecards

ling kit, sueh as is used by a typewriter
1} went back, stopping this time at St
renoe Hall 1 owas eoon handing out
inscribed, “Charles bo Stanton, Agent Blank
Typewriter and esx patiatind the ments
of the machine Po represented lhis wos a
wood blind enubliwg me to reach places ond
wersons that any ' would have pro.
fitited

other ste

i» hh Montreal the agents

ihe ny second stay

 

  

of the Spanish wentienen, mostly the prit-
Olpiae aiadl 68 Ploy ees of alocal detective agenes
were endeavoring to persuade and did) per-

hide oa husaher oof jig) balishinen ane

Catadans to emuat ino the military service of

 

 

the | nited States, there to uct as spies, Pach
Was exsunined by Pleat Cartanas, and
alter passing Was supplied with about $100
news and a siiver band cing, bearing the
Jnacription ireside Iutlrenzt  Auaruistini
bach then recewed bis iaatructions and Waa
told bow to reach the recruiting rendesvous
nearest to ‘Tampa lnfortunately for the

Spaniards, one of tie tien thus engaged after

wetting bis wmones ring and advice, lustead

of following instructions, proceeded to get

drunk When te beeune sober he bad the

Mag aud rersembered part of the advice — But
eo Trnoney WAS gore

Theo the epy-that-was-to-be had a vouleut
attack of remorse, and called on & Inan whe
had frequently favored him, to when he told
his experience and asked for advice, at the Sane
time surrendering the spy nig lilormation
concerning this reaahed me through regular
ohannels soon afterward with luetructions
to runitout Within two days I had possession
f the spy ring and the full story. jut the man,
fearing Yor his life, had engaged on a cattle
steamer aud was then on his way to Laverpool,
England. With the approval of iny superior

ana) once Ww plan for the man’s return
to this side of the water, and, securing the
hazue of the vessel and its sailing date, cabled
him a decoy message. in care of tho line agent
saying that @ wood situation awaited hin and
aigning the name of his former beuelactor
He answered that he would come if his pussace
was prepaid. ‘This was easily arranwed, of
courke

OnJuly 6, 1898, fn company with hia friend,
whom we had enlt in our cause, | was on
the wharf at Quebec when the steamer wiileh
brought the man back was made fast. and in
a few moments was in conversation with him
1 esplatned that he had the refusal of employ
ment at the Saratoga ruce track He was
much pleased, swallowed hook and al!, and
readily cousented to accompany me We took
@ train on the Canadian Pacitle Railroad for
Montreal, arriving there just in time to race
across the city and board a train on the Dela-
ware and Hudeon Railroad, which leftat 7 PM
My man was pot the most presentable person
on that train, baving crossed in the steerage,
but we made him as comfortable as possible
under the circumstances

As soon as the train had crossed the line
I bim into the smolkung compartment
and told him that he was omy prisoner and

that 1 was taking hiin to Washington, where
he could be proper!) pun!shed as a spr He
broke down completely, whereat L explained
that if he would tell me all we knew he could
tell it might be possible to save Mim, but that
tf he expected to getany favors he must speak
the truth and nothing else.

| impressed hina with the fact that I knew all
about his expenences with the Spaniards, and
that the names of all the others whom he knew
as having been engaged by Carranza could
easiiv be learned This led lum to give the
names of his acquaintances who were in the
spy system together with the detaila of the
assignments to each as he remembered thei
That night he occupied the berth above mine
but T don't believe he slept well, I slept not

aut all

Ou arrival at the Grand Central Station
New York, we went dowutown, where L had
my man take a bath after which he was fitted
out with such changes as were hecessary
and we crossed to Jersey City, taking the first
train for Washington. On arrival reported

to my superiors af headquarters

The next day we went to the office of the
Jidve Advocate General of the Army, where,
in the presence of witiesses, we obtained a
thirty-twoepawe confession which my map
sietied and made oath as to the truth thereof
Newspaper readers may remeniber the arrests
of spies in various places which followed this
Cuilession

While | was in Washington Lieut. Carranza
disappeared mysteriously from Montreal, and
oniny return there | learned that Senor du Bose
was alse preparing to embark, the Government

of Canada having ordered both of these gentle-

As it was urgent that the where-
| de-
ferinined to take another character There-
after learning that Seftor du Bose wae to

men to go

N Blakely, and, representing myself
&S A LeWwSpaper man, sucoreded in “oonning”
Blakely, impressing hin with the opportunity
here presented for du Bose to tell “us friendly
(anadians”’ a farewell story ‘That very morn-
{nw du Bose had appeared to the extent of a
column io the Gavette, with his views on the
order tor his evpulsion, and Mr. Blakely agreed
to arrange matters ko that Teould have a@ talk

Iriend, ¢

withdn Bose that might before he retred
About iv POM. 1 was at the Dominion Line
wharf, and tn a shert Uime a carriage con-

taining Blakely, du Bose and a lot of luggage
drove up. After the police had cleared
the way ‘a jarge crowd having aséembled) [
had Jittle dienity iu gaining admission to the
shed, and was soon talking with Blakely, who
escorted me to a little offlue and said that he
would briug Senor du Bose In a few moments
«which seemed like a week) he returned with
du Bose and the Meesm. Torrence After the
oper introductions I was left alone with
Senor du Bose. and, replying to his questions
satisfactorily, he proceeded to swallow a few
sections of my “pump” He referred to the
whereabouts of Lieut. Carrauza and also to his
{itentions and those of his Government as to
the further eonduct of the war. He gave me
enough information of a valuable kind to war-
rant me in sending, at 2 o'clock the next morn-
ing, a measage of considerable length in apher

which was “not good” for the Spaniards, as
rr to his arrival at Liverpool our forces
rad possession of the plans that had been made

 

known to me

WR. HROUSSARD'S ROOSTER,

The Congressman's 8500 Bird That Is to Re-
side in Washington,

From the New Orleans Times-Democrat,

Cashier A. DD. Foster of the bank of Jean-
erette told a new and very timely chicken
Slory yesterday afternoon, He stated that

the facts are all within his personal knowl
edge, and he is a gentleman of unimpeach-
able versoity

Four Democratic workers hired a surrey
Shortly before the campaign ended aud drove

from New Lberia out into the second ward to
alfeund @ aight meeung, When they returned
to the surrey a large Dominick rooster was
perched on the back reat of the front seat
wid seemed disinclined to move. Thea users
of the velicle thought this nught be a good
omen, where good Democrauec omens were
none too plenty and carried him to parish
headquarters, [here the Dominick made him
self instanty at home. using the outer office
nianitel for his perch. He received his rations
of coro regulariv. and showed no desire to
leave, This further satisfied the workers that
poltucal fortune waa on their side

A few nights before election Gov, Foster
attended a final rally of the Demorrats of the
parish which was held at the New Iberia Opera

Hlouse) Some one who had free access to
committee leadquarters conceived the idea
ot presenting the parish Democratic rooster

to Goy, Poster on the stage, and, taking it out
and finding a little girl who was equal to the
part, bad the rooster presented at an appro-
priate moment before the crowded bouse,
rroducing an effect politically spectacular
he Governor was equal to bis partin the game
and after the meeting walked down the street
attended by the principal Demoeratie work-
ers, carrying the Dominick under his arm,
They stopped at the accustomed place for re-
freshments, and Gov Foster set the rooster
downon the bar

The coek crowed all the time the politiciana
were in the place. which was about fifteen
ninutes As they started out and Gov. Foster
picked up the rooster some menber of the
parish committee claimed the bird and told
the Governor the story of its ueqguisition by
orormittee Gov Poster had no especal
the Dominiek, and handed it over
to be retnetalled in its headquarters

On election nuaght, there being more or leas

the «

tise for

 

exscilement about headquarters, thea ronate
refused fo sleep, and crowed untél most of
the returns were in

Then the comumnitteemen were sure they

head the real thing, and went home more pub
mt than Democratic vietory by  iteel!
would have made then

the

  
 

Now cote the inevitable “next morning”
that follows a sons of nocturnal exhidara-
tion oof whates aracter, and to the parish
bryeculive Couunittee if presented itself in

 

 

the shape ofa $500 defleit (nthe treasury. The
cost oof the eatuapaan had been individually
and collectively heawy md further regular
isseRsrpenta were almost out oof the question
Sotue bran’ menber suywested a contest
for the rooster. to he the final property of the
winner, and at the close of the eontest the
rooster wae Congressman Broussard’s own

 

The last thing Mr. Bre
as he left tor Washington was

 

eard said to the boys |

; turned beechen

) every necessary process is done within the ty

 

| haven't time to do anything now, for |
Tost hurry back but the roostar is going
te have good care atmy place untl my return
and then Vin going to have built the finest
COO} ortal rooster ever had, and take him
to Washington Why Because he iss the
only $500 Donunek that ever came out of
this distr ind he's all Democrat. He'll
create a sen@ation up there

Where He Might Be Found
rom Tit Bits

Have vou a letter for me?” bashfully ine
qiired a pretty girl at the village of A-— Post
otice

Business or love letter asked the clerk,
whowasahbitofa wag

Business.” replied the maiden, in crimson

confusion As ue letter Sf that nature could
be found she departed, but after a while re.
turned, blushing to the hair roo, and falter-
ingly asked Please. sir. would you mind
looking among the love letters?”

THE SUN SUNDA

 

A TYPICAI DWELLING PLACE OF
THE IRISH MOUNTAINEERS,

Hie Hental, His Dally Fare and His Crops
Work in the Kields at Which Women

Help—Little Money, but Plenty of Mappt-
pees Beggarmen Who Are Welcome Guests,

Copyrighted, 1900, by Sewinaa MacManus

Our average cottage has three apartments,
a kitchen between two rooms, The eave of
the thatched roof is the height of a tall man
The thatel is oatstraw bound down to the
under layer of tough turf (seraws) by bidden
rows of scollops of briar, and then erossed
and recrosned some scores of times by straw
ropes that interlace and finally tie fo pegs
of fle and bog-oak inserted in the walls just
oder the eaves

Within the roomy Kiteben, with its hardened
and clean clay tloor, the inside of the roof with
its scraw lining, and the cupples and bacs
of fir and oak dug from the depths of the peat
box which support it, are exposed. A ladder
fs hang on pegs along one side-wall a dresser,
on Which the plates, aud bowla and mugs, are
ranged, and on whieh also stand the wooden
ttensils, pigains, a few noggins and a few
disbes, stands hy the side
of the room door, Under the big wide ohim-
ney, a fire of mixed peats and fir burns on
the hearth, and in all likelihood an oat-cake
stands on end against a griddle hardening
by the fireside ‘There are a couple of solstogs
seats about eighteen inches high of plaited
straw by the tire, but. for the most part, the
Beata are four-legged stools, yet there are
also a few chairs. A bed, too, stands in the
kitchen, near from the fire, fitting into the
olitshot, formed purposely for this in the side-
wall, the bed is covered with a neat patech-
work quilt, and ts canopied overhead with
deal, papered late:

Outside the house, to the left. aud at right
angles, runs the Atle row of cattle-byrea and
the fowl-house aud to the right are built the
turf-stack, which contains fifteen or twenty
tons of peats and the fir-stack with five or
six tous of bog-fir

Attached to the cottage are four or five acres
of arable land, and in addition the run of some
miles of mountain in common with the hundred
other cottages in the same district for sheep a
rentalof twenty or thirty dollars ayear, whieh is
avery greatsumto the poor cotteger in our
mountains, is paid to the landlord for this, and
about $340 other taxes. If must be noted that
the eottager bought this land from his prede-
cessor and paid $600 for {t- vet a lord who
lives in London and Paris and at Monte Carlo
owns it and a thousand other farms, and sports
abroad all the dollars the cottager can be made
to save, and pay to him, off it.

The cottager owns two milch cows, three
or four growing cattle, and on the hill a couple
of score of sheep worth about $3.a piece His
whole stock is worth about $250

The Donegal mountaineer can reckon on
his fingers the number of times in his life that
he has eaten mutton or beef. And though
the bean-autighe (housewife) owns two score
hens and duoks, an egg to @ meal io' their cabin
{s @ rarity On festive occasions, or when a
neighbor is helping at the farm work, butter
is indulged in One or two pigs are kept, yet
the household knows not the taste of pork or
Irish bacon, For an occasional Sunday or
feast-day dinner, provided money be unusually
plenuful, apound of American bacon, at10 cents
!s bought, as our own Irish Davon costs l6cents
@ pound, itis out of the question. The break-
fast is oaten porridge (stirabout): the dinner,
potatoes boiled in their jackets and eaten with

milk and salt and occasionally fish And
the supper again is usually of potatoes, but
someumes of porridge. We have “a mouthful
of tea,” and oaten bread, or soda bread, be-
tween roeals once or twice a day

A tavorite hixury with us is potato-bread
for which the pore votatoes are peeled and
mashed and baked with four. When buttered
hot, this is a luxury worth living for. Another
toothsome luxury ia borty, a bread algo made
frou. the potato, which ts grated, when
raw, wrung through a linen cloth tll all the
water is expressed, and when baked with flour.
The result is fit for kings. Our Donegal Gaelic
poet Padraiw, has conuuemorated the delights
of boxty in a charmingly lumorous ode.

Our staple crops are potatoes and oats, and
cabbage is practically the only other raised, A
couple of acres of ground are left under theae—
and the remainder goes to «wrass Near the
weacoas!, he seaweeds, wrack and liach are
the chief manures employed. As the land
Jord’s domain in Lreland extends over the sea
{taelf, he has apportioned the rocky strand
whereon the wrack grows among the several
tenants. Karly in ware (February and March),
taking advantage of the far-receding spring
tides, the men and woman, boys and wirls are on
the strand at daybreak, and, foliowing the re-
ceding tide, cut down the wrack with big knives
and carry it to the shore in oreels The llach,
which grows tn great blades six and eight feet
long, ib got on rocks far out to sea—rocks that
are seldom or never bared—and it must be
gone for in boate and cut, and pulled with

nives and hooks tized at the end of long poles.

Further inland, where the cottager has not

wrack or Hach he burns the land and manures
with the ashes, As most of the arable lands in
our mountains Js peaty at burns well after it hae
been exposed to a couple of weeks of dry
weather, A few live coals are laid down, and
the dry mould heaped over ther, and, as this
uould takes fire and simoulders, still more (s
1e@aped upon it ‘These heaps burn for weeks
together. At the one Une there may be from
one score to four score such fires ip one little
field, so, on a fine day in April, tt la not strange
to see & thousand Uitte sioke spirals curking
up all over the bosom of asmall valley

The spade is the universal ioplement of til-

 

Jawe. In the odd instance tu which a horse is
employed for carrying manure.he “backloads”
only= that ts, carries his burden wo creels with

hinged bottoms, In the spring and in the liar-
vest most of ie women have lo take their part
in the feld work the lighter parts of the work
only being assigned to them, though fn the
districts where every able-bodied male ni
«grates for a portion of the year to Scotland to
earn the rent, the women must do both the
heavier and the Mliter

Beecatise our prope are very poor, and sorely
Jaden with worldly crosses, and Innocent of the
luxuries and the pleasures of the peoples of
other countries, it I4 a very ridienlous assump.
tion that they are therefore to be pitied, Even
the stranger who bas mingled with them a lit-
tle Khows moreover that far from dreaming
That they need pity the poorest and mow?
sorely tried of our people are ever extendiug
that commodity to those who are better off ac
eording to the world’s rating, but who are
nevertheless very far from knowing the happi-
ness they enjoy, and from knowing the bean-
ties they know. And the secret of it all is ba.
cause the Celtic soul sets stuall store upon ma-
terial things save in so far as such are abso-
lutely necessary because the Celt is a dreaner
anda epiritualist, because his temperament la
optimistle and enthusiastic. There are poor
mountain men whom | know whose ignorance
» because it is scholastic and worldly ignorance
would be guffawed at by scholarly and ene
lightened men, who intellectually are not
worthy to untie their shoe latchets, and who,
moreover, are, in heart wealth, to those poor
Thien as beggars to millionaires,

Be the day black or bright, the work slaviah
or tight, our people are ever, ever merry, and
have the kindly fate and genial joke for the
passer, And out of ten such, who are soaked
and shivering on a potato ridge in March, | ean
count more whose heurts are singing than in any
Ten Umes ten men of ease and affiience in the
roansions of New Y ork ,

At night, in the cottage, the mother spins
while the girls sprig or knit Weaving is a lead-
tug industry in Donegal, and there are thou.
sands of cottages that liave their handloomea,
whereat the old tuan works and sings when the
day isover, We get our own weaving material
eheaply so. Bul the greater portion of the
cloth woven is brought to the fair and sold at
2 cents a vard to dealers ‘for export
mome very handsome ana very faney
cloths are made, the colors heing got from
heather, and tosses, and lichens, and leaves,
and barks of various trees, From the shearin
of the woo! off the sheep's back, on the hilly, tl
the presenting of the finished cloth inthe market

   

  
  

 

Uy, ‘The Dovegal homespunos are, perbaps, the
finest in Ireland

At night the fire is often the oniv lah in
the cottage. And with the aid of fir blocks it
makes alight both effeetive and cheery, a liaht
that plays merrily with the wlinting delft sand
Tina Upon the dresser, and makes the ble shad
ows leap up the walls and quiver over the eup-
ples in the roof For use in partioular ocea
gonsol is now coming inte weneral use. but por
long awe the old man nightly cut and seasoned
tong slight. fir spails for casual use. He ont
and dressed the spails as he sat in the corner
a@iving his reminiscences or telling a tale to
the eager group that knitted or carded weol, or
rested from a hard day's work, around the
fire And afierward, br the spail’s aid, he
read for them from the weekly paper theexeiting
news of the ween before last Phe fir spat is
still in use fo some extent but ite one-time
contemporaries, the rush-light, made by dipe
pis a peeled rush in melted grease, and the
jome-nmade resin candle, have passed away,

The parish bewmar is a familiar flgure in
the nightly flreside group. With his staff
and bundles cast behind him he monopolizes the
warmest corner of the hearth, and comforts him
like any princely autocrat. For every cottage
in Donegal welcomes the poor and the homeless
they come and they go unquestioned, When

 

 

ITHE HOMES OF DONEGAL.

MAY ‘18,

night threatens to fall on the beggarman he
bends his steps for the “warmest” house cone
venient, lifts the latch and walks in, unbuckles
his bag and lays then aside with bis staff, ia

     
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

 

 

token that he detgns to favor the house by su p=
ping With the famuly and stopping there for
the taht Asking permission to stop isthe
| known and would be looked upon as irony or
} insult: for every one, good and bad, in Donewal
| recognizes the undeniable raght “of thea tiod
| hus left homeless” to the shelter of your roof

and a seat out your table And the begmarnian
diets the part of a despot who favors rather
than awtiest who is favored, He dictates to the
household, and harangues and reprimands if
die respect is not paid to lis words

If he is one who makes profession of & seloe
education he may occupy a leisure hour by
exarining the ehfidren “puttin’ them through
their facin's” in spelling — and calenlating
and then Jeeture their father and mother
with scathing severity for not keeping more
Closely at school such disereditable calculators,
And tinally when he considers it tine, hie
orders the household on their knees while he
Jeads ther in the long rosary and when itis

finished, dismisses thei to bed. after whieh
he stokes at his leisure rakes the fire when
he chooses, and stretches binself on hia own

shakedown (nade of an armful of clean oat-
elraw) by the fireside at his leisure

In every Donegal cottage, on every
around the year, the mother, provided,
course, there is no tyrannical beggarman to
supersede her, leads the family in the rosary
before retiring to bed, and at the end of the
rosary prays for all dead relatives and friends,
for the boys and girls in America, menuonin
each by name and beseeching God to guar
and guide them among the stranger and
bring them home again: and for all who die in
war or at sea and have none to pray for them

Afterward she rakes the flee, that is, eorn-
pletely covers the coals with @ pile of ashes
which preserves thern alive till morning, sweeps
the hearth, cuts the sign of the cross on it with
the tongs and lays the tongs lengthwise by
it to ward of evil things and them retires to
peaceful slunibers

night
of

IN THE DIAMOND ROOMS.

Places Where Castomers May Make Selections
Letsarely and in Seclustun,
Most people would find in’ the
showcases things as beautiful and as oostly
aa they wanted to buy, in some establishments
there would be found bere things ranging
in priees up to thousands of dollars for single
articles: but there are people who want things
that are more costly still, or who, it may be,
upon one or another do not want
to make selections in a public place. These
customers the experienced salesman would be
able to recognize avery time with practically
inerring certainty, and at the proper stawe
in the showing of the goods he would suggest
that the firm bad other articles that he would
like to show them where they conld look at
them more at their leisure
The rooms in which the articles
shown in sueh cireurmstances, and which would
be in the establishtnent itself, might be called
diamond rooms, or diamond parlors, though
probably small and simply furnished A
room for this use might be a little apartunent
ten of twelve feet square, carpeted and pro-
vided with a table upon which the goods could
placed, and comfortable chairs) There
wugid be®ulso, very probably, upon the table
A pair of eeales in a glass case, upon which
Jewels can weighed and there would be
also tipon the table writing materials, 90 that
checks might be conveniently written.
To one sitting comfortably in sien a room
the salesman woud bring from safes near
at hand such treasures of the house as the
customer might desire to see bringing in to
the little room, very likely, the drawer in which

jewellers’

 

occasion

would be

be

be

the jewel to be shown was kept {ao the sale,
and setting the drawer down upon the table
and taking from {1 the jewel
If the intending purehaser was jooking for
a pearl necklace, for instance, there might
be brought to lum here one, a simple strin
long enough to go around the neck, worth
$20,000) simple, but very beaulful. ‘Then
there inight be shown to tui @ necklace of

for inapection.

pearls of the saine size, and counting, itnaght
be, the same number on the string, worth $30,000,
the greater price due to their superior per.
fection. of skin and color. Seen separately
the difference between the necklaces woul
not be noted: seen together, if was manifest,
The twente-thousand-dollar necklice was still
very beautiful, bul a stronger term than that
would be needed to deseribe the simple beauty
of the other. Incidentally one mught learn
that of fine pearls it is diffleult to get enough
to supply the demand.
Here tight be seen @ sapphire and pearl
peudant, fo wear on a necklace, $11,060. An-
other pendant, compoeed of a pearl, a diamond
and an emerald, $28,000, Still another pen-
dant, an emerald and a pearl, and both small,
$14,500,
things so much as
Tn thie emerald ane

 

But size dvesn'tcountin any of these
erfection and beatty de
pearl pendent the pearl

{« pear-eshaped and perfect. in quality and
shade oa pearl rare and diffleult to match
And here ts another pendant, a little ruby,
pigeon blood, with # pear-shaped pearl sus

pended fron it, $24,000, and soon, Many things
at various prices, not all so costls }

iis these,
by any means, and some moreso. Tt would not

be counted as remarkable to gall to a purehaser
silting here in comfort and surveying these
beautiful things, quite at leisure, a jewel or
jewels to the value of $50,000, these being
bought most likely to be given away

“GOOD THINGS IN RACING,

The Usual Plunging. Large and Small, on All
Sorts of Tips Has Begun Smartly.

The season for “good things” among the
regular followers of the racetracks as weil
as those who only dabble in dollar bets in the
poolrooms is at hand, and froin now until the
mnow flies the “good thing” plavers will
kept busy plaving alleged owners’ tips, train-
ers’ tips, fake telegrame, private information
and advice from theman who watches fhe borses
gallop every morning and holds a clock on their
speed = ‘This samme thing happens every spring,
and although thousands of bettors have lost on
the suine kind of a game before there are few,
{fany of them, whe are not willing to trv it
again Of course, the information wetis
always from the inside, and if the horse should
howe the first thine the bettors are sure to
be oonsoled with the time-worn touts lament
whenever he gives you a loser

“The siable lost heavily, but wait until the
next time. well get it back

The nest time arrives, and although the
horse doesn't look to have a chance on earth
to win the bettor will still remember that he
was a “good thing” the last me out and will
invariably play it again, just to get back what
he lost) There are gone cases where the bettor
has been known to sneceed in cashing ina “good
thing “the seeond time it ran, but they are ao

few that not many persons can recall the cire
cumstances, Soithappensthat the “good thing”
{' ayer generally goes through a whole season
ymeking a horse in the nie that he might be
able to wet back what he lost by having a bet
on when the horse is at big odds

The crop of “good things” this spring is as
plentiful as ever, and men who have listened
fo the yarns about the wonderful time these
wood things” have madein private and played
them accordingly, and lost as usual, will doubt-
ess keep right on backing the horse every time
it runs for the same old purpose of trying to
et back what they have lost. There are very
ew betiors who have not got some horse down
in their little book that owes then money, and
no matter how poor a selling plater he turns
out to be they generally have asmall bet on
whenever the horse is in a race Ir doesn't
natter what class of horses ia running against
him, the bettor thinks that he might win some
day and he wants to cash his bet if that day
should ever come

be

  

thes

Took Off Iie Arm Without Touching !t.
From the Nansaa ity Journal

A brief telegram the other dav recited that
one James MeMaullen had lost an armin a wring-
{ag machine in adaundry at Hutehinson Here
{x the remarkable story related about the acci-+
dent by the Hutchinaon News

MeMullen stopped at the wringer and held
his hands overittodry them. He got one hand
too low #o that the air suction caught t. and his
arin from the elbow down was taken off as by a
rh rade The wringer is a large cirewlar iron
afar with a smaller bow! inside it in which
the clothes are paces fhe smaller apart-
roent is perforated with holes upon the sides
and the whole thing revolves at the rate of
several thousand revolutions a minute, Thetef-
fect is that the air currents within the wrinker
are as terrifie in their power as the centre sec
tionof a Kansas evelone When a eyelone
strikes a brick building and huris it to atoms

  

ble, The accident to Mr, MeMullen was equally
rovstifving The instant Is arm came into
contact with the current of air it: was parted
at the elbow. One part lay on the clothes
that were in the machine and the other dangled
from his shoulder, There was nothing about
the machine to give him even a seratch
The nerve exhibited by MeMullen was won-
derfil, ‘lt never touched me.’ was the first
thing he said. The girls in the room were
reaming and MeMullen calmly informed them
that it was not hishead that was taken off and
told them to be still, He was taken to a hospi-
tal and his arm was amputated close to the
shoulder,’

 

|
|

the force ~eem. appalling and incomprehensi- |

   

 

  

|

     

 

PAP HONEYMAN’S LOST LEG.

A PUsZzLE omeT WITH BY A SALES-
WAN OF ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.

  

n Cotte On

 

The Leg Vantehed After @
Surmises of the Neighbors as to Its Fate
Kailroad’s Vain Defence in Dai sult.

“One tine when [was anxious to try my hand
at something new,” said the man of exper-
enoy, “TL went on the road for a New York man
manufactured artificial limbs, astern
lerriiory was pretty weil covered at the time
wid | was gent down into Ohio and Jndiana to
ry to drum up trade. Selling made-to-order
“rips and legs was rather wpe ill work in that
part of the United States, for so far as anatlom-
Joal extremities were concerned, Providence
had been very kind to the Inbabitants thereof
Jud@ing by the statistics | collected in the course
of my unsucoeasful tour it would appear that not
more thanone hundred people out of the come
bined population of these |wo States had ever
suffered a mishap to their natural members, and
reckoning by the sales | made | was ready to
believe that fully 76 per cent. of this small force
of maimed and wounded were content to shift
along during the remainder of their lives minus
prop or pliilar

Hy the tie IT had worked my way back to

Cincinnati on the return trip 1 was pretty badly

discouraged, One evening as Tsat in the lobby

of the Gibson House trying to figure out) how
on earth | was ever going to make expenses,
ty old friend, Homer Kain, of Batavia came in

‘Hello, Jackson,’ said he, ‘Glad to see you,
How're you getung along? | hear you are
in the artificial limb business now, Is that so?”

“Yes, said T, ‘that’s right.’

“Well! said he, ‘it's a good thing 1 came
across you. Pthink bean put you fn the way
of something. Adnan pin our neighborhood
had his lew cut off by the cars the other day
You'd better go up and have a look aft him.
Ili be worth vour while. ‘This is going to be
€ famous case before we're through with it, and
WU! furnish excellent advertising for you and
your legs) [I'm going to be in it. Papmit
was old Pap Honeyman who was injured -is
going to sue the railroad for several thousand

 

dollars, ‘The road will fight to the very last
diteh and I'm going to work it so as to be ele
Kauged as counsel! for one side oor the other

I'm going over to Paps to-morrow to look
around You'd better come along”

“L@xplained to Kainthat.t was nota part
of my plans to make a house-fo-house canvass
of the State of Ohio in the hope of selling indi-
vidual mos, put when Kain intimated that it
was better to ael! an individual jeg than none
at all, | tacitiy agreed with lim. and consented
to go up intu the country and interview Pap
Honeyman

“Pap lived near Wiltsee's station on the Cin-
einnati and Porstsmouth Railroad. His house
was a story anda half frame building situated
on the slope of a yellow, clayey bill, It was
auinmer titne, and through the wide-open doors
and windows currents of warm air and swarms
of files passed to and fro on terns of intimacy
and equality Pap lay stretched out on a big,
high-posted bedstead in the middle of the front
room His daughter, Lucinda, sat beside him
and brushed the flies from his face with an fmnl-
fation drum major’s pompon made of crink-
led red, White and blue tissue paper fastened
to an old umbrella handle. There was a group
of women in the kitchen beyond, but Lucinda
closed the middle door soon after we came in
and thenceforward thew chatter sounded sub-
dued and far-away. Lucinda’ resumed her

seat at her father's bedside and continued in-
dustrionsly to fight Mies hain sat down at
the opposite side of the bed and stretched out
his long artis lazily

* Weil, Mr. Honeytan,’ he said, ‘these are
pretty hard lines you've fallen into in your old
age, aren't they?’

“For a while Pap's brow was wrinkled and
his lips were puckered up asf from pain. At
fengl bis face cleared # little and, ‘Yes, they
be he said wiuinly. “they do be hard lines
for a fact. But somebody's got to pay for it
I ain't going to be hacked into mincemeat be-
fore ivy tune without gettin’ the full worth
of the parts Gestrored from them ‘t did the
damage Therm railroad people's got money,
an’ they ve wot to pay me up tor value received,
every centof it’

"What do you consider a proper equivalent
for your lost limb, Mr. Honeyman” asked Kain

tentatively

Phe odo man reflected a moment Well’
he said at Jength, ‘a legs a leg, and money's
money, and wts hard to reckon value of that
kind in tures [here ain't no amount of
money that can compensate a man for the loss
ofalimb,out Ura going to strike ‘em for $25,000 °
Kuin repeated the flwures slowly ‘Whew-

 

 

 

ew-ew'” he whistled Isn't that a mighty big
price’

Well’ admitted Honeyman. ‘mebbe it
s But then,” he added, in explanation, ‘I
had arnigity big ke You must take that into
account. ‘Things ‘ll have to be kept in pro-

portion *

‘Lieinda shooed at the flee with extra vigor
then and said, ‘Oh, Pap, denrecatingly
“How did the accident happen?”
Kain, veering round in another direction
Pap.” put up Lueinda, ‘be careful You
know what the doctor said. You're not to
talk any mnore’p you cap help’

“You keep stul,’ safd her father, testily
‘Who's rionin’ ftus thing, von or me? I¢
aint hurtin’ me to talk. Besides, T can't help
sayin’ this. [t's necessary ihat facts should
be told. | was comin’ from the post office at
Mount Holivy the other nught about 9 o’olock,’
he continued, Giruing to Kain. ‘TD eut acrost
the fleldsto save tinue and just as Twas orossin’
the tracks at Willsee’s pasture below the station
my ankle twisted under me and down T come,
sprawlin’ allover the ties. The traiy had whist-
led at Marmletabout three minutes before that
J could hear the thing rushin’ and rumbiin’
through the woods below and I realized that |
hud just about two seconds left to gather my-
self fowether and crawl away out of danger
I T'd beew a littler man Teould have managed
it allright, but bein’ powerful hefty, nigh onto
2 pounds. °

‘Two hundred and fifty-two, Pan.’ corrected
Lueinda ‘You was weighed at the store the
dav before you was burt’

‘You keep still,” commanded her tather again
This is tov business, not vourn. Nigh onto
250 pounds,’ he went on, picking up the thread
of his storys ‘it wan't an easy inatter to move
all that bulk, especially when it was spread

asked

 

out over a rairoad track. | wriggled and
squirmed around, however, until only iny right
leg was lett Jayin’ over the rail ‘Then the

train come, and before Leould say Jack Robin-
son there Was a br-br-br-br, and a 7-7-7-z771
and a crunching sound and my lew was gone
I didn't feel any pain to speak of, buta sickenin’
feelin’ crept over me and | guess [must have
falnted Vhen FT come to begun to holloa
with all my might. | yelled till T was hoarm.
Nobody heard tne, nor was likely to hear me,
for Wiltsee’s pasture is a lonely place, so |
plucked up nerve and crept and crawled home,
myself. At the foot of the hill T shouted again
and Lucinda came out. lucinda, you tell the
the rest”

“Pap lav back on the pillows aa if exhausted
and Lucinda took up the story

“When T heard Pap hollow that night,’
said she, ‘and went out and saw hit layin’
there without his * Lucinda shied at the
harmless monosvilable and came up on the other
side with a gulp. ‘without his |-1 ¢, was
seared abmost to death, [ don't know what
sh'd ever have done if Dro Jordan hadn't
happened to come along just then Between
us we got Pap up to the house and dressed his
wound. Then the doctor went back to the
field to get Pap’s leg. for he thought mebbe
Pap 'dfeel better if it was straightened out
and made comfortable But he couldn't find
it, It was nowheres around there. Pap's leg,
trousera and all, had heen shaved off smooth
and clean a litle above the Knee, but there
wasn't a Sian of the remains. The doctor
roused the neighbors, and since then they'ya
hunted high and low. but from the time Pap
left the Post Office till this minute, nobody has
ever caumht sight of bis leg °

“As Lucinda made this astounding assertion
Dr Jordan came in. Presently the wore
emerged from the seelusion of the kitchen and
seated themselves on the stiff-backed horse-
har chairs ranged round the sides of the
front room. The conversation soon became
general, and from the remarks let drop, it
Was apparent that the fact that Pap Honey-
man had been deprived of one of his legs was
amere A BC. in importance when compared
with the nerplesing problem of what had be-
come of the severed member. Many theories
as to its mysterious disappearance were ad-
vanced with emphasis and even eloquence by
their respective opponent.

“It's nv opinion.” said one, ‘that the limb
was ground into powder by the revolving wheels
aud that we couldn't tell the particles from
the surrounding gravel and cinders

" "Nonsense! growled Pap It ‘d take a
train twoorntlos long fo make powder out of alt
that’

“several other explanations of a material-
iatic nature were put forth but the consensus
of opinion was thaf supernatural avencles had
heen at work and that Pap's lew had been spir-
ited away and buried somewhere to prevent
the idle inspection of the morbidly curious

‘'T'ye often heard of such things.’ said [ue
cinda Honeyman. “They say it. is sometimes
revealed where the limbs have been put. and
then agnin they're never found. If they're
laid away crooked and in a eramped position
the natient usffers dreadful’

“'if there's anything in that.’ grunted pan.
‘my leg must be tied in a double bhowknot
Judgin’ by the way this stump hurts. But f

 

’

| foous of fashionable admiration

 

don't take any stock in such rot. I'm efi
that the railroad company's holdin’ it as a
keepsake, though what they want with it I
don't know. Mungled remain® are no curl-
osity with them fies: haven't done anything
but sinash things singe the roud first went
through bere five vears ago. Cows, dogs and
Digs without number has been erunched be-
Heath them wheels and nobody ever got dam
ages, But now that a hia bein’ 's been laid
low, they'll be taught to stra a different tune.
Dumb aninials aw't considered of mneh valtte
Inheeourt, but a leg's different’

“Paps injury was only twelve days old and t
knew that in the natural order of things several
Months must wecessarily elapse before he would
beable to wear an artificial lew, but not wishing
to lose any possible ehonee fora sale, b mame
to see the old gentleman for a few minutes and
stated to hin in delieute terms the nature of my
business and the superior make of the limbs f
bundled Pap beewne interested at once

"Oh. pshaw. he said.’ don't be squeamish
Just speak rightoup. You needa’t be afraid of
hurtin’ my feelin's by referrin’ to miy iotirouts
If the leg's gone, it's gone, that's all, and the
only thing left for metodo is to get a new one
If you cau fit me out with a first-class article,
somethiog that will last a lifetime, and look
like the real thing. Ua as lief patronize .ou is
auybody. Lain’t wot the money to pay for it now,
and wont have ull fet damages Pein: the come
pany, but when they pay up Vil be ready to or
der as fine a leg as was ever put on the market
and Ul be willin’ to pay a good round priee for
il, too.’

‘The doctor came in then prepared to dress
pap’s leg and Kain and T bade him good-b)

“It really ts strange what became of that
leg, remarked as we drove  uway

* Yes," anid Kain, itis. And another oneiois
thing is that it never bled a drop when the
accident oceurred Doctors sav that this ts
frequenUly the case, but it seems te me that
the exertion of crawhog trons the pasture
to the house would have started those veins
to flowing so profusely that Pap would have
been drowned in his own wore But thatois
heither here noc there The pliystenl aspect
of the case is nothing to me Want Ido know
Is that Pap has lost a lew and that the eompany
ts elected to fork over blood moneys. Pap was
one of the laziest white ten that ever drew
breath. and nobody ever saw hin do a stroke
of work, but he now pretends that he was lis
daughter's sole support. and that as he has
now been incapacitated for labor it isthe road's
bounden duty te put bis tanuly on a basis of
Nnancial independence. if the railroad people
Know when they're well off they compromise
and not allow the thing toge to eourt!

“Tsaw Pap again witht a month and made
arrangements with bin for a new lew, whieh
Was to be delivered whenever needed Before
Hleft Olio the indicial contest centring: around
Pap's mutilated Jeg came off. It was an eseiting
toal Kain was retained as Paps lawver, The
company based its case on the point that as
the Veet Jeg was not producide, it eould not
he proved whether Pap had ever had a leg cut
eff or not. Kain met this contention with the
argument that as Pan had had a right leg, as
everybody knew, and as he now had hone, as
evervbody alao knew, he had certainty Jostit.and
that the present whereabouts of the untortinate
member, although an interesting problem,
Was notof vital importance, He presented his
case clearly and forcibly and won out with a
$10,000 verdiet in Pap's favor

“A vear alter that Tet Kain here in New
York Ry the way. he said, in the course of
the conversation, ‘did you know that) Pap
Honevinan is dead’

"No, said bm sorry. Did anybody ever
find out what became of his lew’?

“Kain's blue eves narrowed shrewdly. ‘Well,’
he said. ‘the facts are not generally known,
but there are a few who have been let into the
secret. If was wrapped in tissue paper and
laid away in the bureau drawer.’

‘In the burean drawer’ 1 repeated
how in the world’ +

‘Kain laughed. ‘Don't vou see?’ he said
*Pap had worn an artificial leg for years, but it
was made so perfectivy and managed so skil-
fully that nobody knew it but Lucinda and he
and and the doctors. They were all in) co
hoots together ‘The doctors, of course, got a
big rake-off’

“Tlooked at Kain closely

“Did vou know all this at the time?’ Lasked

“But Kain declined to auewer that question.®

  

 

  

‘Why,

AMFRICAN CARRIAGE EXPORTS,

Going Now In Increasing Nambers to Various
Parts of the World.

Carriages of American manufacture have been
exported to some extent for many years but
never before so largely as at the present time
A braneh of this trade that is of comparatively
recent growth consists in the export of trotung
vehicles. Buyers from Kuropean countries
where the American trotier is popular who
attend the big auction sales of trotting horses
in this city Duy here also trotting equipment,
sulkies and wagons and light harness: and Amer-
jean mantitacturers have agencies for such
things in Furope Such equipment would be
found in use in England, France, Germany,
Austria, Kussia and wherever the American
trotter goes. ‘

Besides the trotting vehicles some other car-
riages of Aluerican make are sold in Burope
A few carriages made in this country might be
teen in London Kussia has bought
American top buggies: for novelty’s sake or
because thes are American, or simply beeanse
they like them: and some for lighter pleasure
carriages have been sold elsewhere in Europe,
these including carriages sold here to visitors
from foreign countries, ‘Thus a Frenchman
Visiting the United States walked into the New
York city establishment of an American carriage
manufacturer and looked along at the many
vehicles exposed for sale A handsome light
driving Wagon caught his eve and his fanev

“Would that hold me up, if TI should get into
it?” he asked with smiling politeness, as be sur-

veved its light construction

lie was assured that not only would it do that,
but that it would prove a@ strong and service
able vehicle, aud he bought the wagon, and
aliweht American harness suitable to use with it,
and they were boxed up and shipped to bin in
France

This American maker had sold probably a
dozen carriages in this way to as many indi
vidual buyers from Buropean Countries, Visitors
here, who had walked in, and Jooked over the
stock, and found something that pleased then)
hut these sales were counted rather as items of
the retail business of the concern, than as con
stituting a Kuropean export trade. In faet,
apart from the export of trotting vehicles,
Which amounts to something considerable,
the export of American vehicles to Furope is
hinitedt to variots other countries, however,
itis larwe and steadily increasing

A while ago an American manufacturer
sent a little lot of light sleaghs of American
sivie to Norway, and sold them there, but this
Was tnore in the nature of a venture, Justa little
fyer

sone

American varriages of various kinds are
sold in numbers in Mexico, the West Indies,
South America, South Africa and) Australia

The carriages sent to these various countries
include some, though not a great many, of the
heavier kinds of carriages, such as Victorias

coupes, bronahans and coaches; but they
include many vehicles of the comparatively
lighter hinds, sueh as buwwies, rminabouts,

Phaetons, surreyvs, tworwheeled carts and rock-
aways. There is found inthe American carriages

& combination of characteristics that are
eommon to imany American productions,
namely, lightness, strength, sightliness and
adaptability. They suit the requirements of

vse in countries to which they are sent better
than do the heavier vehicles imported from
kurope, and jmore and more of the people of
those countries now buy carringes here so
that take if altogether the vehicles exported
have come to constitute ao very substantial
items in the American carriage trade.

BILTIARDS BARRED BY TAMMANY,

The Wigwam's Moral Views Were Strict in
the Olden Days.

Tn these davs the game of billiards is rewarded
one of the nost innocent and harmless of anjuse-
ments, and it seems strange that there was
ever a tine when it Was looked uponas a danger-
ons form of vice kyen the Taminany Society
has always been, of men of a
nd, condemned the game of
in TSI when Grand Sachem Clurkson

made wp as it

liberal turn of on
billiards
Crolius made his fainous address to the absent
members of the Columbian Order
s taken from a copy of that
the possession of @ city official, who for vears
has been engaged in the collection of old New
York papers

The indulgence of billiard roonys $ «© b
although strietly prohibited by law is nnbliy.?
ingly practised, it is believed, in every hotel
and in most public houses in the eity of New
York and other portions of the community
In these places the rattling of the die or the
eracking of the ball is the first salut

The following
address now in

 

tothe ear

of the weary traveller, whatever may be his
moral or rehagious itopressions. In the billiard
rooms of our own ety we find too often voun
men, apparently the most) respectable ane
having the best opportunities ‘ ediica-
tion, Immersed in the faseinations of pia

 

and viewing as the centre of their attraction
some proficient at chance, perhaps the equivocal
Whose heart
is as black ae the demon of night. whose mind
is as barren as the arid rock, and before whor:
his vietim is wont to fall by the herald of the
pistol or the sinuous venom of the game. The
example of such a man is worse than that of his
accomplice, the ‘strange woman.’ whose steps
taketh hold on hell.’ and whose house is the way
to hell, going down to the chambers of deat!

Remember This
When an advertiser has something of real value to
dispose of, he frat goes to THE SUN'S advertising
Sree with it. Rarely is he compelled wo try further.
Ads.

 

     

 

 

BOYCOTTERS ARE ENJOINED

AUGUSTA TRIBUNE'S stir AGAINST?
ATRIKING PRINTERS,

 

A Temporary Injunction Issued by a Georgia
Court to Prevent Them From Interfering
With the Business of the Newspaper Dam.
ages Also Asked The Issues Novel There,
AvGtsiva, Ga, May it. Under a tens ray

injunction issued by Bo 1. Brinson. Pypographe

ical Union No. 41 is restrained from prosecit ve

a strike and boycott against the Maily Tribune

Company of this city In the meantime, J ide

Brinson holds in reserve his decision tpon the

meriisotthe case, Thestrike began more thar A

year ago, and resulted fn an application by the

Hewspaper company for an insunetion agalse

the union Both sides have had opportunity of

preparing and praseanting their cases, | m

decision is delayed by the Judge owing +. the

many and complex, as well as novel pong
which have been raised

1) oy,

The history of the case is as follows The
Dowly Tribune bad trouble with the Typowray).
eal Union over questions of a wag: ]
and of membership in that body Phe uniog
called upon the Tribune for absolute submission

and for the discharge of certain emploveas,
These demands were refused, and when the
Union tried to enforce them the Daily Tribune
Conipany brought suit for injunction, danagas
and relief in the Superior Court of Richnond
county ‘The petition says that the Auge.
lvpographical Union No. 41, on or about Ay) 4
20, 1800, issued “a false publication or cir
with the unlawful and malicious Intent the
to injure and destroy petitioner's busines
occupation,”

The petitioner presents a copy of the circa.
lar complained of, which was signed by Aue a
Typographical Union, No. 4), and elavea
unions of other trades, and calls upon the pare
fons to whom it is addressed to
‘against a non-union sheet whieh has antag «
nized unionism to such an extent as to be oan.
sidered a foe of organized labor The eireuiar
says that the paper “has lost its etreuiaton
among the monev-espenders, or laboring joer
and women of Angusta,” and in view of thy«
satement it asks that the person addres. ed
“withdraw his advertising patronage from ap
ver that refuses to meet its competitors on a
air basix.” The cireular goes on with argue
rents defending the right to boveett objection.
able enterprises

Having thus deseribed the iniurv alleged
to have been coniumitted, the Tribune goes on
to say that “by false and malicious represen.
tations, defendants did persuade, induce and
eoerce the organizations of other trades to
coneur in said circular" The petitioner tells
of a visit to ite office of a committee aut)
ived to represent the vnion, whieh presented
for signature an agreement binding the Tn.
bune to employ none but union comporitors
to pay the union seale of wages, to observe tha
apprentice law, and to comply with all regy.
Jationus for five years. This agreement was
rejected because of the sweeping changes \¢
involved, especially beeause if required "the
immediate, harsh, unwarranted and = inex
enusable discharge and throwing out of em
ployment of the faithful and efficient ene
ployees, who are party plaintiffs, who have
served in their present positions for many vears
and who are dependent upon said employment
for means of livelihood, without whieh their
families would be leit destitute.” The petition
continues’ “Therefore the Tribure, as a true
friend to labor and Jaber unions, pro
posed to adopt the seale, to permit its ern.
ployees who wished to do so to Join the union,
to employ union printers whenever possible
but refusing to discharge old and faithful en
plovees for that purpose.” This offer was de«
clined by the committee, which insisted upon

’
od

CO-ODeTALA

 
  

an instant discharge of every objectionable
man the petitioner alleges that other eir-
cular’, urging a boyeott against the paper

were issued trom time to time, which did it
injury tor which it) asks redress The
charge is made that the Typographical Union
has entered into @ conspiracy to accomplish
the ruin of the petitioners’ business by the
means already outlined. The petition avers
that the defendants are insolvent, and with-
out means, and hence unable to respond on
damases, rendering a Suit for daniages jise-
Jess and necessitating an appeal to the equity
side of court, whieh, through injunetion, can
bring the matter to an issue

[In an extra paragraph the employees. whe
join with the petitioner, complain of the of.
forts to deprive them of employment. Then
Wwalving discovery, judgment is asked against
the defendants for $5,000, and it is asked that
the defeudants, collectively and individually,
shall be “enjoined and restrained instanter,
and until the further order of the court from
combining with others. or from confederating
or conspiring With each other for the purpose
of threatening, intimidating or inducing by
boveott, or otherwise, persons under contract
with the Daly Tribune, to break or withdraw
from suid contract, or from interfering by sucl
means With any other person or persons, who
would or might have business relations wit
the Daly Tribune, or from any unlawful |
terference with the business or oceupation of
petitioners, and finally that said injunetion be
nade pernianent,’

Judge Brinson's order says that “consider.
ine the foregoing petition for injunction, ard
it manifestly appearing from the sworn allegs-
Uons in said petition that the injury appre-
hended will be done, if an immediate remedy
is not afforded, it is therefore ordered that
the defendant and each of them show cause
* * 8 why the oraver therein should not
be granted, and the defendant and each of
Them are hereby restrained until further order
from this court, from combining, confederat-
ing. and conspiting together or with any olher
ean for the purpose of injuring or inter
ering in any manner with the business or
eecupation of petitioner, and it is further or-
dered that detendant, and each of them, ara
hereby expressly restrained from issuing
and distributing any boveott eireular or other
writhing, Wherein it is sought to persuade, or
induce any person under contract with the
Daily Tribune to break such contract, or where
Int is sought to the en, Intimidate or coerce,
any person or the public to discontinue the

 

 

 

  
 

  

 

 

business relations with the  Deiwy Pr
or to refrain from entering upon such t
ness relations

fhe hearing on the case was to have been
held in July last, but was postponed to the
October tern, and was pot reached until
ary of the present year For the Jy °
Company there appeared Henry ©) Harmreond
and © Henry Cohen, while for the Typogray !
cal Union there appeared Bo BO Baxter ard
J Sullivar In reply the ‘Typoerap?

Vnion made general denial of the allewat

 

 

 

of the petitioner, some for want of suffier
Information, and other spem@fie reasons lia
defendants say “that the charge of malice
against oplainti! is false and wnfe
Defendants distinctively and positive ’
thal thes have been aetuated or inpe 1
their conduct toward plaintiff ty ans r
motives than those  vitall conmected wiht
the efficent proseeution of the hanerab@
and lawful purposes and objec for wt
ther said tinion was organized, and for w
Alone it exists. Defendants shaw that thet
ave distinctively a labor organization They
aeknowledge their conneetion with the [nt
national ‘Typographical Union, by means of
afMiliation, and sav that the purposes of these

advancement ard

their pete

unions is “the
betterment of

lewitimate
the condition of

  

 

   

 

 

 

bers,” that they only seek to resist the oe
eression and oppression of eapital, to mats
fain fair compensation, to regulate leur t
work compatible with physical and one
tal welfare, and to My a respectable standard
of workmaoship in their calling he .
on to declare that i is only through organics
Tion that they can make therselves felt, thet
as individuals they are helpless, thea

seek fo inerease their numbers, that borerd
Who refuse to join theirranks are “diet v
Hutdeonistic to then, doa constant ‘ a
to the sticeess of ther efforts Wisat the hie
not maintain a living seale of wae g
ms these antagonistic laborers offer wr
services for les.

The defendants further say thattheemy ee
of the Tribune are non-union pen andre 9
fo jor the uinion, and that this generated @
competition in whieh the gets complarned of
becaine necessary Detendants protest t
they have resorted to no unlawful me 4
Whatever, and suy thes have not coerced of
intimidated any bods, hey have sing d
the power whieh their lawful organization eay@
them to bestow a valbiable patronemae A Tier@
and when they chose, and to withdraw 8
where and when they ehurse They protest
that they have “the inalenable rar r
any condition they see fit to the z 4
continuance of th air patronage
that whatever effect the cireuts 4
Already complete, and thes bad mo idea a
ine to it, that their acts were terminated j
thatthes are now dome nothing whatever

Later the Typographical Union presented 9
demurrer to the petitionef the Tribvie, alleatos
thatiteontanned poequt that the sone
The ernplovees sith the company wa
since their rights were separate, and that
petition for taunetion or general stat
of damage were nade, and no speent ns!
shown that the cooperation of the onthe
Organizations Wa olintary and net coer
that the petituen or ets forth awvar o
fendant wets why tis lawful for ar "
fo exercise that the allegation as t {art
from CAUsiNe persor to break ritraet
defective and insuMtcentin law, in thatie!
setoforth what contraets lave so catnsed
broken Pherefore the Court done Ww

ss the petitue
soargurnent before Judge Brinses f
ede Sent exhaustively tnte the
question No sueh cuestion ha. ever
before in courts of this State, and it is for
reason that while eontinulng the ter

injunetion Judge Brinson bas deeided to +
sider the matter fully before he renders a ! |
decision

No matter which way the decision goes, 4
case will be carried to the Supreme Court of tae

State for final adjudication.

242583089 Bezseasz

35

NN

go>ErS2°>>2 =--e17r>

>> >R 2

ee r>SKR==