a

et ee

ae ed

{

ee

Poa agen cag

Sects: Beier Sea!

ee

(ne mire peer er net acetate mt Nera nee

ee oe
Se

=

  
         

           

So =

STYLE THAT COUNTS.

Chances for Women to Show
Taste in Dress.

VARIED, CHARMING DETAILS.

Diversity to Suit All in the
Fashions for the Summer.

@race and Sienderness Still the Keynote to
Success in Dress This Season-Modes to
Bring Out the Pretty Lines of the Figare
Canvas Veitings and Foulards the Most
Popular Materials—Still the Craze for Lace

| fm Trimmings Endures-Batiste Embroid-

ery a Novelty in Great Demand—Fashions
fm Skirts and Bodices-Thin Dresses.

Suinmer fashions have blossomed out in
®@ convincing profusion of dainty light colors
and exceptional variety in detail with the first
warm days in May and what@ver may be said
in criticisin of the new modes there can be no
Complaint concerning the diversity the sea-
on offers. It is in detail rather than in out-
line that the most attractive elements of nov-
elty appear, but the wholescheme of summer
dress is unusually charming.

Continuous changes, although they may
be slight, are one of the definite charms of
fashion and certainly with so much from which
to choose and a fair amount of discrimination
it is not so difficult a problem co be up to date
in dress. The telling point, however, ts the
way you wear your gowns, Which is of vastly
more importance than the average woman
ever dreams of. The simplest, most inex-
pensive costumes eclipse all the envied ele-
gance, if they are worn with that indescribable
air called style, something which is well worth
cultivating if you do not possess it. There
was a time when a pretty face was the crown-
ing glory of woman's appearance; but not so
in these days when the stylish girl leads the
Procession. If she is fortunate enough to
possess both beauty and style she is a queen
indeed, but style she must have if she would

 

be a fashionable success. There are varying
degress of style, of course, for which the dress-
maker is more or less responsible, but the
Woman who wears the gown can make or im-
Pair the effect to a great extent

Grace and slenderness form the keynote
of success this vear quite as muchas they did
last season, since any mode which adds much
to the apparent size or fails to preserve the
best outlines of the figure is promptly set aside
as not worthy of consideration. The satis-
faction of displaying a good figure with a gown
which defines, rather than destroys the pretty
lines, is not to be unhesitatingly surrendered,
60 the adoption of panniers, hip draperies
and full gathered skirts, except for the few,
will be a slow process. To be sure, there are
gathered skirts of various kinds well repre-
sented among the new models, but the only one
to which women take kindly at all, is that which
is well shirred down and carefully fitted over
the hips

It is evident already that canvas veilings
and foulards are the mostpopular materials
for summer gowns, but just at the moment
the tide is set toward the dainty thin muslins
for midsummer wear, and already there are

 

Feductions in prices for these gowns in the
Shops, not at the dressmaker's, however, for
here itis promptly demonstrated that the prices
are higher than they were last season. One
pretty feature of the new thin gowns is the use
of embroidered batiste Entire costumes elab-

Orately inset with lace insertions and medal- |
Mons, are made of this material, which comes |
Na Variety of colors, each a little more attrac- |

tive than the other. The pale éeru and yel-
low tints are very much employed,and extremely
elegant are the gowns made of these and of
the white embroidered batistes as well. The
uses for batiste embroideries are legion and
the variety and fineness in quality surpass
@nything we have had before. They are ea-
Pecially suitable and effective on the foulard
gowns, whether they are light or dark in color-
ing, and are most generously employed for wide
@ollars, vests and skirt trimmings, as well as set
on in insertions, or falling in a wide band,
which4s a sort of ungathered flounce, from the
tunic.

mated, but itis so much in demand that the sup-
ply is falling short

Batiste embroidery on a blue and white fou-
lard, with the, gold ribbon, so much used fora
belt. is a charming combination, especially for

————— eS

The value of embroidered batiste as
a finish for foulard cowns cannot be overesti-

 

‘
the simple gown made for morning wear = Eeru
maltese lace with narrow black velvet ribbon is
another combination of trimming on the foulard
gowns. One model is in blue and white made
with akilted skirt like those worn some years ago,
only the plaits are not so wide and are stitched
down closely to fit the hips, five inches below
the waist line all the way around except, di-
rectly at the back. The little bolero also laid
in plaits, held in place by pressing only, is worn

 

over a tucked fine white lawn blouse, confined
at the waist by a wide corselet belt of black
satin. A narrow band of embroidered white
satin peeps outateither side of the loose front
of the bolero and fastens with the foulard at
the neck under a narrow stitched satin cravat,
above which the collar band is formed of the
embroidered white silk

The dressmakers will tell you that thease
new knife-plaited skirts are very popular for
thin silks and veilings, and certainly the stitch-

— --—-

 

ing down around the hips is a vast improve-
ment on the original idea. The sun plaited
skirt is another variety which has come to
light again, and modernized in some instances
with a narrow, plain yoke around the hips,
from which the plaits spread out. This little

 

yoke effect is very much liked, since it pre-
serves the unruffled plainness of the habit
skirt directly at the top
spread out into a narrow front breadth, while

others are quite short all around, pointing |
down in front and rounding up a little nar- |

rower at the back to aid in giving the long slop-
ing line from the side down to the front. A
short back and the long straight line from tle

 

bust down is the chief ambition in outline which
the fashionable woman affects as nearly as
possible, with all the pretty curves at the side
and back. A very pretty skirt yoke is made
quite plain, with tie exception of three rows
;% open work stitching which divide it into

 

 

Some of the yokes |

 

THE

three bands and join it to the plaited skirt
below. V-shaped slashes appear on some of
the gowns at the top of the skirt, but extend up
into the bodive as well, usually with éeru mule
pure lace filling in the spaces

In mohair, which in white for:ns some very
Stunning gowns, box plaited skirts are seen
There are small single box plaits set in’ all
around and stitched down to the knees, Naring
out below as much as the pressing will admit
A facing of white silk, covered with rows of
stitching, is the finish around the hem. The
bodice, also box plaited, stitched down on
each edge andeut out underneath to make it
less clumsy, bas a wide collar of white silk
shaping down to a point at the belt and fin-
ished on the edge with a band of eream lace
applique, A lingerie vest fills in the front
The sleeves are close fitting and trimmed at
the wrist with stitched folds of mohair and
finish of lace

Stitching is just as popular as ever a @ time
ming on every kind of gown where it is strictly
a decoration, and the latest phase of this craze
is that the stitching should be put in by hand
as it was in the old days before sewing ma-
chines were known. Hand labor of untold
price is the thing which promises to give dis-
tinction to your gown, and if we are to have
handstitching added to hem stitching, French
knots, fine tucking and hand embroidery, there
can be no limit to the amount which can be
applied to one costume. One inconsistency
in all this mixture of machine stitehing and
hand sewing is that often where the stitching
is really useful, as in tucking, the tucks will
be run in by hand and the same gown trimmed
with bands covered with rows of machine
stitching

Applications of lace which are used 50 much
in all kinds of designs on all kinds of materials,
require expert hand sewing, and one of the
latest forms of this trimming is in diamond
squares set in like a chain, joining at the cor-
ners, or singly like medallions here and there.
Ornament upon ornament is one of the ex-
travagances of fashion, and embroidery on
lace, as well as the reverse condition of ele-
gance, is not an unusual phase in decora-
tion. A unique mode of trimming for batiste
and organdie gowns is to tuck the material
in diamond squares from the bust to within
ten inches of the hem, where the fulness flows
out in a flounce effect. Three tiny tucks in

& group form the lines, the squares measur-
ing fully three inches on a side. A pretty
variety in this decoration is made by filling
in some of the spaces with ~quaresof lace which
come for this purpose. They may
be set in all around, the lower row of diamonds

sper

forming a heading for the flounce, or in stripes |

up and down, leaving three plain spaces be-
tween. An organdie gown made in this way
is finished around the hem with laee, which
extends up into the flounee in direet points
Disks of lace are especially pretty for a hodice
decoration, and are gwraduated
on revers and striping the bodice itself, both
back and front, with one, two, or more in the
top of the sl@eves. Tf they cannot be purchased
in the required size they
made out of the ai) over lar
the edge with a tiny frill of valer
if the gown is of veiling and canvas there
is a narrow white silk braid which makes a
nice finish.

White organdies elaborately trimmed with
black lace are a striking element of style among
the thin gowns, pearing in wide
insertions set in In stripes all around the skirt
and bodice between groups of fine tucks.

used in

Si Zes

easily

sand finished on

ean be very

lennes, or

the lace ay

Every possible phase of tucking, every con- |

ceivable mode of using lace, is illustrated in

 

 

the thin gowns thie seasor some of the
prettiest summer gowns are made of white
nuns’ veiling both in the fine sheer weaves
and the kind called canvas veiling. Russian
and Chinv laces are e vit effective as
trimming when set in are skirt above
the hen no deep pe desig! \have
thig the skirt is a bands joined
with an open work suit the bodice made
in the same way the hands are between two
and three inches wide and a pretty shaped
design of Cluny lace ~et rrouma the onl.
ders in adouble row, Other white veiling gowns,
with simple theked skirts, are made very ef-
fective with a wide collar of embroidered white
taffeta edged with ay lace, and a belt

    

of panne velvet of olor in the embroiders
Another variation f trimming the

ings in delicate colors is the tise of
velvet ribbon matching the tint exaetly It
{is sown around in rows at the hem of a skirt
laid in close small box plaits all around and
stitched down to the knee. With this sort
of skirt Russian lace embroidered with gold
thread and colored si/ks is a very pretty trim-
ming for the waist, which is made in a tucked
bolero falling over a vest of white lawn and

lace, and a wide wane belt of colored panne

narrow

   

SUN,

which, covered with rows of stitehing forms |

SS

 

 

|] sian lace, the
| velvet tipped with a gold ornament fall at
one side of the bust where the bodice fastens
over a narrow plaiting of white chiffon
lace also extends down one side of this.

silk mousseline

guipure lace
material trimmed with

velvet ribbon. |

| i spotted muslin
trimmed with Valenciennes lace,and still another
plain musiin shows endless tueks and bands
of lace insertion. A garden party dress of
pale bine voile is trimmed with motifs of bine
and white embroidery, blue and white but-
tons and black velvet ribbon. Foulard tucked
ind trimmed with lace forms another gown,
|

'

wide tucks below the yoke, whieh is

SUNDAY, MAY 13,

the upper edge of the collar band.

Bands of colored silk strapped across with |

velvet ribbon are another mode of trimming
veiling gowns, and something altogether novel
is a wide corselet belt, or at least the effect
of a belt, made by tucking the lower part of
the bodice of a white veiling gown and strip-
ing this between the tucks with fine gold cord
This is really fitted closely into the lining, giv-
ing the flaure a very slender appearance,
One great feature of summer gowns is the
use of linens in all colors and grades of thick-

 

They are made with kton coats and
blouse bodices with wide collars, trimmed
variously with embroidery and heavy linen
aves, set in in disks and bands. The khaki
colored linen is especially stylish, and is trimmed
not elaborately, but very elegantly, with Rus-
sian lace. Separate waists of khaki colored
linen serimm are the leading fad of the moment,
and they are really very elegantly made up
with tueked vokes and collars of thin white
silk, each tuck outlined with fine gold braid
White silk undersleeves are another feature,
and with a band of black velvet around the
shoulders below the voke, covered with Rus-

Ness.

 

ee

ZN
/ Ae

os

 

effect is stunning. Fnds of

The

Among the gowns illustrated is one of éern
tucked and trimmed with

black

Another gown in white

 

, and the feature of the next model carried out

in white veiling is the yoke skirt, withineh-

divided
into parts with an open-work  stiteh

It roi pa littl shorter at the back than
in’ fron?

hodice js
stitching

three

which gives a graceful
made of bands joined with hem-
White silk applique formes the

collar. The low vest is of white silk and the
chemisette of

line. The

White tucked lawn and lace

A pretty model for a muslin shows an accordion
plaited skirt tucks stitehed down
around the hips and trimmed at the hem with
black velvet ribbon
down the front

shows one

With the

Loop bows of the ribbon

\ gown of dull green linen
use of lace disks

SP4QNISH GIRLS.

Love ane Religion the Subjects Which Most
Concern Them.

recon the Roator

Tor the lest

Transeriprt
4 tus

Nn Spanish girls

reading = not cultivated
Where the treasures

of that great Castilian literature are accessible

even

them. Convent education knows nothing

of Calderot

Tove and rel

e.on are the only subjects with
whieh a seforita is expected to concern herself
Hanpiness is thus made to hang on achance
Even where a Spanish girl
f wifehood and mother}
ind povert

Wins her crown
ood, her ignorance
of thought tell heavily against

 

the most essential interests of family life
The Soanish g rl is every whit as fascinating
' er sical cloaked wallant confides to

wer ironearated lattloe. Indeed, these amorous
erenades hardly do her justice, blending as
he does Freneh animation with Italian fervor
In Andalusia, she dances with a grace that makes
every other use of life seem vain
she bargains’ There is nothing sordid about it
Her haggling is a social condescension that at
onee puts the black-eyed young salesman at
her mercy.

There ts No Disputing
the de«'trable associations formed through using the
advertising coumnsof THESUN. A reader of THe

SS!) may be relfed upon as an Independent American
ettleeu. ~ Age

There is a sash of the same |

And when |

1900, ;

i ‘ial Store
rgest Hair
t The World

<>

LADIES’ HAIR DRESSING
Medes iO

WavySynilches

eased & show you bow
eon hem with your own halr.
One lesson is al) that you require.

FOR LADIES

AND GENTLEMEN
lo eover torentire head
oa Bt and fault
jeas in every detail.

BANGS, POMPADOURS & WAVES
ety of designs —{ashionadie,
— "a fe and becoming
BAIR DYES, HALR_TONICS, ROUGKS, ETC.

Facial Massage and Steaming;
Hatt Dressing ‘and Manicuring. S rolaitsi

for the sealp in attendanoe. Catalogue free.

54 W. 14th St. Next Macy's, N.Y.

 

ES

FRILLS OF FASHION,

The latest characteristics of hair dressing
are the softness, the irregular natural looking
wave, and a decided tendency to discard the
rigid, very frizzy effect so unmistakably the
result of hot irons In other words of Paris-
ian authority, "The more Greuze like the
coiffure the more distingué.” There are pom
padours without end, but the one whieh ts
strictly correct is soft and careless
without the immense roll inside to distigure

the head, and flattened not a little directly on
top. A stylish mode very becoming to some
women shows the hair divided into three parts
with an invisible parting on either side, the
centre portion carried in a deep wave across
the forehead, and the sides puffed out very
full in a large wave. Parting the hair in the
centre, combing it down in a soft wave at either
side, and puffing it out full below is another
retty mode, The knot is work high on the
wadexcept in rare instances, when it is seen low
in the neck, and the latest arrangement is one
full high loop standing high on the crown of the
head, and crossed below as if it were a bow
knot without the second loop. Three smaller
loops are also very pretty and more becom!n

when more width is required. The essentia
elements of a successful coiffure are a sense of
proportion and becoming effect, remembering
that the stvle which suits one head may be al-
most disfiguring to another, This disermmina-
ion is almost invariably lacking at the pro-
essional hair dressers’, where one particular
stvle goes the rounds Whether your face is
thin and long or decidedly moon shape, it is
all the same. ‘The variety in hair ornaments
for evening wear is prettier than ever before
home of the daintiest novelties are made of
Aigrettes shaped in the form of a short, stiff
quill and spangled with silver. Then there are
all sorts of erect bows of lace, velvet, satin
ribbon and tulle combined with aigrettes and
colored spangles, and the prettiest: Alsatian
effects as well. White lace insertion with
waved edges makes a dainty little Alsatian
bow. The lace is about two ioches wide, with
two loops each way and a little fine silk cov-
ered wire to hold them in place

Gold and silver belts with snake head buckles

are very popular, and as a less expensive sub-
stitute the gold ribbon is used

Modified bishop sleeves are very much worn
fn the thin gowns, and blouse waists, but like
so many other whims of fashion they are not
becoming to stout wornen

fabric of the season is crApe de

méteor It isf like erépe de chine with a satin
finish, very soft) and lossy. and comes in
double width, both tlgured and plain

The special

  
 

large all black hats are very fashionable
this season, and especially good style with the
foulard gowns

Some of the new skirts are made with a silk

drop skirt which has a ruffle of the material like
the gown, This {s made justlong enough to
clear the ground, so it is a@ simple matter to
hold up the outside skirt

Very stylish long travelling coats of brown
Holland linen are shown in the shops, They

are tucked like the skirts, the stitching ending
at the knee, and fall fromthe shoulders, which
are covered by ayoke finished on the edges with
stitehed bands and covered with a wide collar
of embroidered ecru batiste which points down

 

 

at either side in front where it
gether with a Persian silk seari These are
an elegant edition of what used to be called
dust cloaks and are made of taffeta silk as well

1s cCana@ht to

A danty wold pin tor fasteninat the belt rip
ben at the back is studded across with inex-
pens ve jewels of various kinds, and two little

ehoins are looned to fall from the centre

Dress slippers of both black and cream white
leather ar ide with the broad Cromwell

flaps r e if nstey {the whole tronts
ot the es are 1 ahochon jewels
Black satin fewer sthe hes vr ynother

anes

' read! rT '
the daintiest ne

ieeeli lie oper
velties in this
i varie of eoler

 

kK and lead (ie ne tor smart elects
with the low eut patoot ‘eather shoes. There
ire striped stockings galore and every kind

and volor, spotted with white polka dots, hut
the lareslike des ons take the palm

Wide black taffeta silk collars finished with

rows of stitghing are a feature of the ecru linen
@o8s trinimed with bands piped with black,

 

 

SHE COULD DABBLE, TOO.

How a Woman Broke Her Husband of Taking
Risks tn the Stock Market.

From the Detroit Free Presa,

He was a business man making a nice little
sum every year for nest-egg purposes, besides
extending his business and slowly but surely
moving along toward Kasy street. Yet he
was not content, and in the hope of forcing
the hand of Fortune, was doing some trading
in the stock market. His wife’ said it was
gainbling, pleading with him to stop, He tn-
sisted that it was perfectly legitimate and regu-
lar, and she finally admitted that he was right
and gave up the contest.

His wife gave him no further trouble until one
Sunday morning she appeared ready for chureh
in a handsome new cloak. He wanted to know
where she got it, and she told him that he would
learn by and by. He wént to church with her,
feeling uncomfortable. He kept his peace,
however, and said no more until the next Sun-
day, when she appeared in a rich black silk
gown. He asked questions, but got no an-
swers that were satisfying. All that week
he worried so over that cloak and the silk that
he lost his grip on the market and fell short
seriously. Sunday came again, and this time
she had a pair of diamonds in her ears that
fairly dazzled his eyes.

He hadn't a spark of jealousy in his nature
and he believed implicitly in his wife, but this
was really too much

She calmly took from her desk a lot of blanks
with which he was quite familiar, and handed
them to him

“They are the records of my transactions in
stocks recently,” she said, with an air of tri-
umph. “I borrowed $50 on the diamond ring
you gave me when we were married, and
handed it over to brother Charlie to invest for
me. I told him you said it was all right, and
he did as I told him to do, I didn’t know a
thing in the world about it, of course, but I
was lucky and I have made $1,500, and if the
luck doesn't go against me I'll make another
thousand next week. It is too easy for any-
thing, and you know, dear, you showed me $0
clearly that there was nothing wrong in it. T

have paid our share of the preacher's salary,
too, for the next year, and I'm thinking of or-
wanizing a Daughters of the Stock Market in
the church. Wont it be lovely?”

Marv, my dear,” he said, solemnly. “if you'll
quit T will,” and Mary, after the manner of
women, began to cry, she was so glad that it
turned out just as it did.

KEEP YOUR TEMPER.

Harsts of Passion and Worry Do Make Women
Prematurely Old.
From the Woman's Home Companion

Bad temper and worry will trace more wrin-
kles in one night than hot and cold bathing and
massage and complexion brushes and creams
and lotions can wash out in a year’s faithful
application. Physicians assert that an im-
mense amount of nerve force is expended in
every fifof bad temper; that when one little
partof the nervous system gets wrong, the face
first records it. The eyes begin losing the lustre
of youth, museles become flabby, the skin re-
fises to contract accordingly, and the inevyi-
table result is wrinkles, femininity's flercest and
most insidious foe.

Indulging in a fit of temper not only makes a
woman old and ugly before her time, but it ac-
tually shortens life. Moreover, every time she
loses control of her temper she unhinges a moral
brain-cell and weakens by several degrees her
capacity for self-control. The oftener she
permits herself to indulge in what she believes
to be righteous indignation the more frequently
she finds such occasions presenting themselves,
for life is full of euch irritating opportunities,

It is these bursts of passion that prevent
women from growing old so beautifully that
they seem to retain their youth, and like a tree,
becoming more attractive with age. A mouth
that learns how to set itself in an aggrieved or
hard line soon settles in a grim curve that writes
years of age upon a womai's face and deep lines
an accusing and disfiguring wrinkle. There is
no use attempting to reason with a woman about
the evil effects of i-temper while she is in an

tgly mood, She knows perfectly well that it is
bad fort; that it savors of the coarse and under-
bred; that it is weak and belittling and Immoral,
and that it hurts her cause to lose her temper
But she does not stop at just that time to think
about it, and to remind her of the faot only adds
fuel to the flames,

THE USE OF THE CORSET.

It Should Be Supple, Not Stiff, and Laced
Tight Only at the Waist.
From the St. Lowa Republic.

Stiff corsets are unknown in France. French
corsets are always supple and bendable, and
this much accounts for the ease of French
figures, which are never tightened excepting
at the waist, leaving the bust and hips quite
free. In England the figure is usually tightened
in too much at the bust and hips, which gives
too straight a look to the figure and makes it
stiff and uncomfortable, movement being ren-
dered ungraceful by this stiffness.

Let any girl try to lace her stays only at the
waist, and let her select her stays as soft and
light as possible, and then see if her figure be
not as graceful in shape and as elastic as the

en

most graceful and elastic French figure. No
tht straight-down even jacing will ever
make a pretty tleure

{| the corset cannot be made expresaly to

suit the figure, then let it be laced only in the

nuddie at the waist Even then no real corset
should be worn by girls until they are well in
their teens. Remember, the softer the corset
is the easier it will be, and the tighter it may
be laced at the walst without feeling unoom-
fortable This is the only way to mould the

figure, as it is said, without injuring the health.

 

for Gold, Silver and Brass.
SILVER

ELEC HI LICOON

For Steel, Nickel and Glass.

Bast for pour eaecl_— roca,
\

   

 
          
   

O33 Broadway, 2st and 22d Sis,
Human Hair Goods
Hair Dressing

Halt Ornaments

A close inspection of our goods willconvince
you of the superiority of our exquisite assorte
ment,

Stylesand quality not to be found elsewhere,

COSMETICS-—L can safely recommend the SpR.
CIAL LIQUID Nos. 1 and 2 as anexcellent HAIR
GROWER and a cure against dandruff.

POUDRE VELOUTINE and FOUNTAIN op
BEAUTY guarantees a perfect, transparent com
plexton.

No branches and no agents.

   
 
   

POLO AT WELLESLEY.
College Girls to Enter a New Field of Sporg
—Will Ride Pontes Astride.

WELLESLEY COLLEGF, May 10.-Is polo te
be the game of the future for American college
girls? Polo played on spirited ponies and with
all the rules and by-laws followed at Newport
and Hamilton? Wellesley College athletio girls
say yes, and Miss Lucile Eaton Hill, their athe
letic director, heartily seconds their views,
Miss Hill intends to form two teams from among
the students and to train them carefully in
scientific polo.

This scheme {3 the outgrowth of the new
horseback riding class started at the college
recently. The beautiful fleld beyond the West
Wood has been converted into the riding pad-
dock; but the number of applicants to enter
the class is increasing so rapidly that it will
be necessary to enlarge the paddock and to
form new classes. Several of the anthusiasts
have adopted the new method for women and
ride astride, wearing blouse waists and bloomers
in place of the usual heavy riding habit. They
say that the cross saddle is better for the rider,
especially when mana pereores, and better for
the horse. Among the Back Bay horsewonen
of Roston the cross saddle is now more popular
than ever and is steadily gaining ground, the
new English safety saddle being largely used

Although the possibility of polo has almost
mopopolized the attention of the athletie world
of Wellesley, vet the crew girla are etill faithful
and looking forward to Float Day. Kyery clear
afternoon one may see four eight-oared shells

lide out from the boathouse and across Lake
Vaban for an hour's practice. Perfection of
stroke according to Mra. R C. Lehmann, not
speed, is sought after by the Wellesley oars
women.

On the Playstead, at one end the baskethall
teams preesice for the interclass games which
come the last of the month, while at the other
end lacrosse holds sway. Just
meadow is the new tetherball pole, until the
past week a stranger to Wellesley. Nor has
the popularity of got died. In fact, the gol
club has added fifty new members to tts roll
this spring J

It has been decided to hold Field Day in the
autumn instead of in June, so that the crew
girls and those practising the Tree Dav dances
may not be prevented from entering th | s‘s
of sports.

 

across the

 

 

STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE,

 

The Real Thing—How to Make It- Various
Kinds Described.

To THB Epitor oF Tusk Sun—Sir: Your core
respondents are right in saying that rea) short-
cake is not'to be had from any restaurant or

bakery in town. I think it might be ordered

at the Woman's Exchange in Thirtieth street,

near Fifth avenus. I inclose herewith a recipe

which is the kind of cake which will be just

right, I am sure. ©. A. MaTson, .
ICHMOND HILL, L. L,, May 9.

STRAWBERRY SHORTOARE,

One pint flour, one-half teaspoonful salt, one
large tablespoonful butter, one heaping tea-
spoonful baking powder, balf pint sweet milk,
Mix into a soft dough (with aspoon) and bake
in well heated oven for about fifteen minutes,
Put the dough in a buttered round pan with
straight sides about eight inches in diameter,

Before mixing the cake have two quartg
berries, bulled and, if necessary, washed, and
well drained of water. When the cake {s done
break it in two parts or layers with a silver fork,
butter the inner part of the bottom of the @
and cover it well with strawberries, crushed a
litde and well sugared. Then put on the other
half, brown part up. Butter this well and cover
thickly with therest of the strawberries and
sugar them well A little méringue put onthe
top layer first will hold the berries {n place and
make the cake look better. Eat the cake while
warm with plenty of sweet cream. If cream is
not to be obtained try this sauce, which {5 as
old-fashioned as this kind of cake: Mix butter
and sugar together just as for hard sauce for

uddings. Melt this apé add to it atrawberries
hat have beeg crushed and broken into a pulp
or rubbed through a colander, Putin a sauce
boat and serve warm. t, but not least, let
me urge the necessity of using the best butter
for cake and sauce, and do not try to make it
too early 'p the season, as the berries have no
flavor, and so the cake will be a disappointment
instead of an absolute pleasure. The quantity
here given is about enough for three or four
persons.

 

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN-Sir' As a New
Englander, who has continuously resided in New
York for a period of nineteen years, I beg to submit
that during that time I have never seen genuine
strawberry shortcake served at any restaurant or
hoteL No high-salaried chef can palm off on the !n-
itiated a stack of yellow chips of which the component
material of chief value is a valetudinary sweetcaks

planted with dry strawberries arranged in the quin-
cunx order.

The communication of “New England Cook" tn
THE SUN of May 10, comes the nearest to the {sue
of anything I have so far observed. To that! would
add one observation, viz, the stra wherries should not
be spared. Once you have the true shortened sho!
cake, well buttered, the strawberries should be #e!!
sugared and crushed to the extent that no individual
berry retains its eoawiy. but not to the point where
the juice runs toofreely. The mass thus prepared
should lie at least three-fourths of an inch thick
tween the layers of cake and on the top of the upper
layer. Cream is not an indispensable factor, althousd
it imparts a relish If a New York restaurates’
wero to Start a plant where real strawberry shortcaks
could be for a reasonable consideration the
“standing room only” sign would follow {n short
metre. GEORGE T. ALDRICH

New YORK, May 10.

 

So deeply
seem

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN-—Sir
stirred does your correspondent, Mr Santor
to be on the subject of shortcakes and chowder (iat
we suspect him of regarding the entire Metropolitan
output of these dainties as dangerous, and to le
treated with suspicion. This, however, offers no °*
cuse for his ungenerous attempt w, In one brea
vilify shortcakes, @d in the neat lightly questiot
the experience and deiicate taste of New Yorkers 9
clam chowder,

We can only account for his strange bitterres¢
toward the Gotham variety to his having hear! '°*
fable of the New York Clam Chowder which, be n€
botly pursued by a District Messenger Bo)
refuge in adowntown restaurant where tt was 6
by a Boston Anti-Imperiaiist On his ceatiied
“Anti” sald that he had been in the habit «
of eating clam chowder of the Atkinson br
purpose of sharpening his teeth for bre
that this was the first thet had ever disturty
and therefore must be drugged. All of which $s

’

 

 

  

that Local Prejudice will killa manif it | weed td
reach the malignant stage Gk P
-_———— .

The taking off of a mole

or wart or blemish makes

/ a marvellous difference in
that face of yours. It’s dona
without pain or leaving 4

a “ teace by
die J. H, WOODBURY,
4 26 West 23d st., New York.

MME. GARDNER.

Latest French Hygienic Corset
MADE TO ORDFR ONLY.
Gives the extreme straight front and low buat end
does not increase the waist measurements. *
Our gooda are universally admitted to be 0° 6%
perior style, At, Gnish and workmaushi
PERFECT FIT GUARANT
63 WEST 21ST ST.

       

‘SELLER.
LADIES’ TAILOR,
EEA ee

4 e

er

  

cae
5 Nad

=

- <->

ye eves

Se>yses4anuy

to

e!
Pr

for

fi
ful
in
Bul
es

p!
th
Bh
ty
e!

|
fi
w
in
o}
la
at
od

nd
Mi
wil

ce

—@o°
= 3 >

#32298 ¢a78

acoacs

ni

<=

h

h
m
ty

a
b
is

pi

ag
1"
n
©
Ww

Ww

Woo s-se=

2 52e—

asc

q 45 Se 2 Pero l Ss

2°: >s—

yerzoos

g= 2 >;