upper
thous
jurateur
rteake
on the
n short
RICH.

D deeply
n, seem
er that
plitan
to be
No ¢x-
breath,

Question
kersin

tlerness
ard the
h, being
y, took
5 eaten
hhed the
1 his life
id for sy
an

          

   
  
   

  
  
    

 

       
    
   

 

THE PARIS COOK.

1N

ART OF
RISING ECONOMY OF PURI
FRENCH KITCHENS

 

st RP

cooks Wonder, but Do Not Attract -Chefs
with Decorations and Ohefs With Expen.
sive Spectalties~The Cooking Academy,
 opyright, 1900, by R. Burns
paris, May 5 -Paria is putting her best
+.» foremost just now to show savage for-
aienera. from the boiled beef Englishman to
ating American, that the most civile |
in the world ts the one who is most |
ecientifivally daintily and, above all, econome- |
tow fed. The Frenchman ia making no
great fuss over his displays of raw foodstuffs at
the Expoaition, leaving that to the American
and to Russia and Australia, but he is rather i
inordinately proud of his demonstrations of
the art of cookery and his economle and scientific
achievements therein
This is the reason why, in spite of the charms
of great pictures, statuary, Swiss villages and
elegant costumes under glass, the exhibitions
of cooking stoves In Machinery Hall is con- |
gtantly crowded, and in the Fine Arts Building
there is daily ald before an admiring crowd
astate banquet that is fit to set before a king
What will appeal most to the Americans
woman, on her first visit to that department
of the fair where culinary apparatus are ex-
bibited, is the tremendous strides the United
Blutes have made in advance of Furope. Hour
giter hour groups of white-capped French
men and women cooks bang about the dis-
play of electric ranges So far, in the biggest
Parisian kitchens, such @ device is unknown. |
The French chef is a great man, but he is touch- |

|
American Cooking Contrivances Make French |
'
|

te plese

teeu Man

 

 

ingly consery alive
on the gas ranges trom the States and with
no litte admiration, too, and he is willing to con-
fesa that as regards ultra scientific appliances
Anericans lead the world) He admits, too
that in the conserving of raw material, {rom
weal to mayonnaise dressing, the manufac
turers of the United States could accept a handi- | j
ean and beat the universe
t. the big cast-iron, coal-fed French ranges, to

the tiny gas ovens and little oil stoves, and in- | post exquisite savor.

ests that with such simple means Paris is still | j
toe best fed of all the great cities, also that the | ‘

tremendous economic food problems the French

can teach Valuable lessons to the world ;
ided woman, genuinely interested | ,
else illustrates | ¢

Toa fair-n
{) domestic economy, nothing
the French argument like a visit to the fuel
shops of Paris. If the French cling
coal and gas it is because they find it far cheaper

still to

 

self touches nothing

oto of whose perfectly done game and

savory
exquisitely \mixed gravies have been wi
around the world and some of them. the most

important, independent artists, the expon-

| ents of a specialty and not vfficially connected

with any restaurant or kitchen. Such a chef
is only preguces in Paris, and in his own pro-
fession he ix an object of extreme envy and ad-
tmiration, Having proved his genius he retires
and lives and works in his own kitchen; an
atelier |» what he calls it, a really beautiful
workshop, glass roofed, walled with tiles, dec
Orated with framed diplomas, valuable muito-
graph letters and photographs, and furnished
With the necessary utensils in ancient pewter
and the sort of copper that artists prize, About
the room are strange little gas ovens that look
to American eyes wholly incompetent for the
results demanded of them,and then the range,
aptas not to be gorgeously decorated with brass
and nickel work

To suoh & man as this come rising and gifted
oung cooks, who have already got diplomas
rom the academy classes and well-known
reataurant chefs, but wish to perfect themselves
in some particular branch under a recognized
wenius of the day. ‘To enter one of the great
man's classes, it is essential to be already ac-
complished and furthermore endowed with
talent and ambition, for Benjamin Constant,
Gérome or Rodin would no more think of ac-
cepting a beginner in his studio than would one
of these independent chefs. Years of devoted
labor ana the consciousness of great gifts have
placed him beyond the drudgery of teaching
and his income flows from his reputation

To him the heads of restaurants appeal with
liberal payments for designs for new dishes
He composes and sells exclusive receipts, he

goes to cafés at certain hours during the day or

night and in the Kitchen over his own table or
stove prepares just so many portions of his

special dish and the patron of the restaurant
pays
these sources of income he edits cookery books
occasionally contributes an essay to a culinary
magazine, and if one is a clever cook and com-
poses a salad he will, for a consideration, taste,
criticise anu give improving sug@estions

him well for such services. Added to

There is one famous specialist in Paris, Gus-

tay by name, who earns $15,000 a year by merely

going the rounds of a few restaurants every

evening and preparin

game dishes at each. fi

He looks with amazement | Of good food must leave his order with the head
of the restaurant for one of Gustav's famously

good ducks.

& certain number of
ays in advance a lover

A date is then fixed when the

| gourmand can hope to enjoy the services of the
gifted cook and when the opportunity to yrofit
by the great chef's art comes round an elaborate
supper is the fitting environment for the fanit-

ess duck.
Down in the restaurant kitchen Gustav him-
He merely directs, stand-

ng, like Napoleon at Austerlity, impaasively

Still, he goes back | regarding the progress of the great triumph of
mind over matter, and controlling the forces
that transform crude fowl! flesh into a dish of

ne rounds of a man of Gustav's importance in-
lude a call ata private house for the purpose of

ak 2 : . preparing one of his great dishes ata side table
Pansian chef still stands unrivalled at the top fn the dining room, lant before the "
hisartand that in the clever solution of some | interested guests

notable cook in to do what

es of the
vears, having a
Americans would
all stunts at a grand dinner rarty has been one
of the most popular Parisian fashions, The
*hef, whether Gustav or another, apt to
*harge about 100 franes, or as high as 200 francs,

Of late

is

the equivalent of $40, for his services in prerar-
ing a single course for a table full of people
He brings bis own utensils and possibly his own
oven, one of those strange round drum-shaped

French inventions, to set on a range or 4

ty i 2 ) f in- . , ‘
than electricit and in the production of i gan frame, inside which everything can he
ecpensive kitchen fuel they are unrivalled, | cooked, from the most delicate little cakes to

different kinds of what is called

Three wholly

the heaviest roasts.

When

is able toask such

 

   

  

} ° tman price as
body fuel are sold in the coal yards, & slow | t+ 4. pacy to imagine that his art isno more n
co, @ coke and charcoal, and these, with [fad por the Parisian love of perfect pre- |
four diferent sorts of composite preparation pared food a fleeting faney As it he is moat |
» oF v2 ‘ reer
- af wulation of the range fire proud of is the fact that he began his career |
are sed for the ree Na jon of the range fire : as a vegetable picker in a blouse and sabors,
When the morning fame is started ina Pari- | courting even at that age dreams of some mag.
e house or restaurant the cook begins with ¢ niflce dish * orieine” . onception of bis
\ genius sy) ei the annual expos.
iper and = magolina, then coal in ood | OWN genius, displayed ;
mt ce 1 nerO ~ 8 AT senagitinn in the Tuileries Garden This
{ras iunps. Magolins are fagots from the | achievement will bring hitn fame, a blue rib-
fores the dry droppings of the treea, | bon and medals, and with that before hin) the

Withested bundies, can be sold at the small

mofasoua bunch. [t's the best and cheap- |
est tinder wood ever put on the market and \
nhen the cook has got her range going she

begins to regulate her fire inexpensively
potting on bou/eta. They are nothing more
flan coal dust pressed into bricks or egg-
shaped lumps, the refuse of the coal yard all
turned into valuable fuel that) burns
slowly, but with an intense heat and a stendie:

I

‘

¢
ty
6)
by

very

French cook, if he has it in bim et all, inva

te tof the t ir oughs. ane ;
any part of the trunk or big bough and fiahiy Paes He Yeon high enough acmetines
nsequence this woodland waste, care- | to pet a highly prized bit of red ribbon to put
gathered all the year through and bound | in his eoat as did the chef of the Elysée Palace,

who designed and executed the great banquet
for the Czar

But if he is a power for artistic progress on
one side, to these chefs and their tnfluence
must be laid as well as the aceusation of re-
tarding the prgeress of mechanical kitehen
devices

Patent appeal
great men and they will even go so far as not

appliances don't to these

to teach in classes where such conveniences as
meat grinders and improved eccffee roasters
are used) = Tn one hotel in Paris, the erection
of which is due to

low than the best of small hard coal, and | kitehen fittings were brought from the United
Tis easy to guess at how much less expense States in

If at any time during the dav the range fire | the work for the emnplovees. One chef and
weakens there is no reckless waste by dump- | his corps of assistants, after another. were
{ug and rebuilding or restoring with a quantity | duly installed and as dnly and promptly re-
o kindling wood Briquettes or cllumetter | signed the bie and paving job, assuring the
dandaiaea or fawots are thrust here and there | management that no good work could he done

ind rekindle the whole
mf three cants un bundle | t
and are made of wood chips. sawdust, the
edds and euds of aeraps, of the wood sard all | t
moulded into little cakes that look amazingly | ¢
lve dog bisenit and that are stuck together | ¢
with a preparation tar more inflanmable and | ¢

among the ernbers
Kriuvettes and fagots «

 

 

wit!

ratus ¥

 

the
he old

machinery, Frentually
fashioned and clumsy French appa-
restored and the cooking went on
0 perfection Of course the reinstallation of
he old régime required the employment of
louble as many domestics, but the result. was
ronfessed]y ton be

American

 

is

good to ignored, That

 

eeytainiy far safer than the libation of coal | happened five vears go end Paris kitchens are

‘ hich the carel \inerican eook pours | row ng ore un to dete at a pace no faster

on her daspondiag fire Aliumettes londeaise | than the} nes of the hen will allow, though

ere really a triumph of the French interpre- | vpocition doing wonders not onlv to
ul the myotto Waste not, want ho nee the powers behind the ranges of the
are corneohs, big and litth, put through of mechanical devices, but to produce

t baths and uw hali deven of these chean vitally, what hes never been known tn

dovieas thrust ipparenthy liteless coal , a truly great women cook

w ring itup into a flourshing fire in a tif

Now with coal selling in France during the |

Writerata littl short of 18a ton, the French |

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

DINNER A LA

|
|
'
American capital, all the
the hope of expediting and easing
JAPANESE.

 

   

  

 

 

 
 

Coog. ina private house or restauraat, actually |
e\pends less on the fuel than an American cook | A Repast That Is Certainly Pleturesqne and
Wie oan have her coal s ipa at hall the price. | Mav Be Digestibte
Taatiaone reason why the Partes cook looks . » . q
: Rocay at aude sbctrininn Go Rowe | I'rom the Boston Fveving Tranac rip |
newest hotels where the ranges are as big as | To an Ainerican given te stil! teints and
\y motives and all the way irom the old Café | corpuleney a Japanese dinner is a tedious ax-
etta the rai . > . te ,
tha: Champs Gtynd ne ¥ eae ‘t Hotel | perience, es) ecialls when he's used to brsi- |
b founds that one of the causes of | hess lunches and the like, But it is worth
dynt French cookery is the = great | trial and disconfiture if one is fortunate enough
n vero! simple little stoves and furnaces they | to be the guest of a rich man, for in Japan
U9 for prepar 4 Various one i » | hospitality fs one of the cardinal virtues
4 Wwortn While , PS Amine French ste 3 sand usages have for oir
oven or stove to see how artfully waste is headed | yy. ay tare " mee ane of the “waalth < shad |
ov at every point and vet the eflleacy of the dinners and Junehes are the counterpart of |
it not lessened When a French cook is pre- | those th which we are all f lier Rut a!
! wi uttle dinner ho does not pretend to heat | eaal Snnanese dinner, it idir ohe natin ae
iron range tor the purpose The bie | lacauer travs pod ti eips is at be ever |
meal machine ts so built that heean throw all | to be forgotien : |
' ‘strengt) of his fire directly on the roasting Japanese houses are made up of sliding |
r in, Wile he sets going inanother corner of | gopeens iustead of our solid partitioas and in |
fi inder whain marie, asingle gas jet summer areallleftopen, sotha entedat dinner |
hid tien prepares in a third little oven hardly } ona looks out over the rdens, seeing the |
0 ggerthan a soup tureen his pair of fowl. Tt lights of the city in the d-tance and the scent
sy rue tha SENS Stove looks to tha west- | yr 4 thousand flowers blow mn with ac ary
’ ind vert i. dotl-houss afair that is | preath of air |
4) to drop suddenl i » plecea It any strain is The wnests remove their shoes enter.
ee i abtitte at Wile bn , \meris ph has ad | ing the house, and except when provided with |
. ; liy along Ines of marvellous mech- apairof cotton overshoes, must spend theeven-
i Frer an has kept eeonomy as fing in stocking feet rniess happily ithe he |
: tor Ver his progress, His gas ranwe is {has an extra pair. The wife of larnnese |
inds uy A vhen he turns on a yet not gendeman does not preside at his table unless |
‘ inthe eat wasted, and he can | thare are ladies in the party, but appears with |
: ynsequential little tin kitchen cook | the tea and sweetmeats whieh alwats precede
& wh as an Anericanona big fnerangeand |g d nner, at do our cocktails and sherry. 4:
ri! Wout a third less gas. No feat of Amer- | She merely greets the guests and anpeara
i. daring so stuns the French imagination | again only when the good-bv es are said

 

& The new Yankee ranges at the fair. those fitted cushions are seattered about the floor and the

Wh elactrfolt

yso that by the touch of a button

«
urned on in the ovens and displays

 

y vv >readasit roastaor bakes. Sheets of fe
p y Mica in the doors of the ovens permit
a food to be saga. Undoubtedly thea only | b

Witohan inv

ition comparable to this is an Eng-
' oven for bread making. This is fitted wit
& system of hells that ring to announce the ine

ti

the Japanese are, of course, ereat

with several tiny covered bowls
ing the trays on the tables they set them on

to rank,

tie

for
lers for

nests are arranged according

|
ilken |

rmiand ceremons

arefooted waiting maids in graceful aid pret-

lacquer trays

ly-tinted kimomos bring
Refore leav-

in

. ie Gi Neat ‘n the great baking chamber, | the floor, and dropping on their knees make
fection of tt ‘eoen ee announce the per- | their best bow, touching their foreheads to
The Souder oo the floor Chopsticks take the place of knives
sista ners economies and automatic | and forks, but unlike our weapons of attack
anees of tie cooking stove and the | are made of wood. They are never used twice

Tesnective merits of the French over the Amer

for: avery small part of the
: i" ‘tory why Parislan cookery is still para-
be int. Among the inen that crowd the Fair
none ls deserving of more attention and intereet
o Ah he chefs. those artistic mixers of deli-
Jus soods Thav make French cookery great
: an eeD h@ up its traditions and guarding its

or and observing its etiquette and handing

{r iN or vice versa "

Ki
a

 

 

 

ivory
as are also the lacquer tra) s, bowls and cups

covers from the tiny bowls and the guest,

much skill one attempts getting the food on ¢

little tables, some aix
inches high, are placed before each one and
sticks from

less family heirlooms, when they are of carved

of the most exquisite workmanship,

The host sets an example b removing the

doing
kewtse, finds an assortment of food quite new
up

The

nd generally most distasteful. Musterin

the tables to one’s mouth.

  

  

th
ie apeha Wh fform generation to generation | first few times most of it faljs on the floor or on
a royal tan crown jewels are passed on in | one’s lap. The wretched sticks wabble and
fie arte sat bt the Paris Exposition in the | cross each other aa if foofissed. When almost
and haar sit ale nate department. one can | desperate the good host fs apt to come to the
to-day fe me about the art of Frenoh cookery | rescue by suegesting lifting the bowls and
medals and ti nerve the chefs magnificent | with the ald of a chopstick shovelling the food in,
X rit ) her exhibits Since the day of | as one would potatoes into a barrel
fre i ran ee the Aend: mie de Cuisine has In each course there are half a dozen dishes
wortals | k ie lewitchen justas the forty | and the host tells what they are. First, sulmono
nation. The osot er the lanzuage of the French | a bean sonp: kuchitoti, chestnuts boil
has it oy academy conducts Masses, | and crushed into a mush, kamabolko, fish picked
f @eorps of apprentices, sits in solemn | fine and rolled into little bulls and vaked; sa-
04 Jron-tance, on whether wax flowers | shimi, raw fish cutinto thin slices and covered
Danniet nies te ised in the decoration of | with ice, This iv dipped into rich sauce called
bettows mada and retreat members and | soy, and is really very good. Little cups of
tine to the and diplomas that mean every- | warm saké, the native brandy made of rice, are
¢ Ove thitions and artistic French | served with each course. Napkins and bread
Of tha d /i° host important retined chefs | are unknown quantities
te np ~ President of the Academy, and it The second course is a small fish boiled whole
Korda VE Sears-of proved superiority in the | One has a chance here to get in some fine 7 lay
ions 1 a an can hope to he elected as | with the chopsticks: umani, bits of fowl bolled
le eoor a member of this grave and | with potatoes or lotus roots; a salad of onions,
That ison npization peas and string beans, with a few leaves of let-
Skane JU OfTHe reasons why French cookery | tuce: sunomono, sea snails carved with eweplant
. + 0% 's present lofty standard, and | mashed, and chaman-mushi, oe thick soup made
Mostar ww, ttf SO seriously by its pupils end | of Osh and veretables, with mushrooms for a |
‘ing to fi men. Tris on the whole a very bia | relish
in wet UPst-elaxs cook in Paris, and anv Che third couse is a curry of rice and picked |
eH 7 Welats to get a genuine respect | vegetables; and tor a fourth and final course
‘ i a qd aecuire a true veneratiog for | you have sobo, a <ort of buckwheat vermicelli |
tha Pranct. (take a ecurse of lecture: in | served with. soy and a eweet Hqueur called
i) Str tal and then visit some of the | mirin: shiruko, rice cakes, seaweed and con- !
ab th, : | fectionery ofall sorte, which are very sweet and
* Exposition the officer the | tasteless
re going te hold reaulor er de | Durine the dinner each guest rises and pro-

“resided aver hy

five of the gre t

  

poses the health of the host and one other guest

  

‘aris and thelr talks ina wav « he | until the whole party is disposed of. This ous-
trofemope cas ressive as any gly iy | tomisrather hard on the euests, for saké is flery
Vianna RA of the Sorbonne. From I. .don | stuff and goes to one’s head morequickly than
PMprucers st aid Amerioa there will .rive | ourown brandy. To make matters worse, after
On fond oe ws LO lecture on the improvement | one has drunk the health of all the company, it
Seiontifie id their preparation as well as | is customary to drink the health of the wailt-
Woodnran yrments In stoves, the values | resses, who bow their foreheads to the floor in
nd gas Tre” hv the haat of water, electricity | acknowledgement
PPonchman aes the hot water acheme that the At the close of a dinner the ta o bon, a tray
Ara gone /knect to score heavily, and they | holding a, hibachi with Iive coals in a cone of
thems of shore cauonstrate the superior advan- | ashes and a section of bamboo for an ash re-

Whar ic a" " “e Soin onve, is put before each syest, ond | are aaa
the Ure 10 produce a dee sion 0 igarettes are around. 0
impor, eriean mind is the o coep meereenen 28 one feels very hungry, stiff tn the joints, and ff
flcer oie of many of these academy's of- ! the dinner has been a large one, very much in

. OES 6f need of a brandy and soda,

them are heads of kitchens, the |

  

|

Often enough the even-
|
'
|
|
|
|

 

; York has the word

} vis tale

|

callers |
that she must huddle out of sight,and when one |
|

THE
THE BACHELOR GIRL'S HOME

| ADVANTAGE OF THE CO-FLAT OVER
| THE WOMAN'S HOTEL

  

Weak Points of the Latter Discussion by the
Bachelor Girls’ Confession Club-Sapertor
Housing of Bachelor Man - Co-operation
Among Solf-Supportiog Women,

Che President of the Bachelor Girls’ Confes.
sion Club announced the subject for the even-
ing’s discussion as “Would a Woman's Hotey
Be a Failure?

“We hear from time to time,” she said, “of
such a project, but it never seems to material-
ive. The scheme was once proved a mammoth
failure and planned as it always Is and always
must be. with rules and restrictions absurdly
institution-like, it will never appeal to the very
class for whom it is specially intended, self-
supporting independent women,”

“T cannot understand,” said the medical sty
dent, “why it is that bachelor hotels and apart-
ments are such a success while women are de-
barred from homes of the same sort. As it is
now, a Woman who wishes to escape the horrors
of boarding-house life or the formality and ex-
pense of a hotel is compelled to live in an apart-
ment large enough for a family Her bil!«
for rent,’ gas, servant and various other in-
cidenutals are sufficient for two or nore persons,
while the bachelor has the cooperative servant,
laundry and dining room and can live at a much
lower rate than a single woman.”

‘And yet people wonder why men don't
marry!” said the fluffy girl “Why. there is a
premium on bachelorhood = The bachelor apart -
ment house is a temple raised in honor of the
unmarried man. He is catered to, petted and
made much of. His rates for cabs and messen-
gers even are lower than the usual charges
His actions are never inquired into, if he pays

ity that is required of hin. While the bache-
lor girl well, we all know what we are forced
to endure onee we lav aside the trammels of
a boarding house. We can't even be served
with dinner after 6 o'clock at most of the good
hotels: waiters disregard wus, conductors bull-
doze us, janitors
4 loud groan interrupted the speaker
was followed by others ejaculated in
This evidently was a tender point with the club
members
The janitor.” said the newspaper
the natural enemy of the bachelor girl
And the slave of the bachelor man
medical student
That's because they
we do,” explained the fluffy girl ‘ips are as
necessarv for the preservation of a
civil behavior as health biscuit is to a bulldog
The trouble is that they always count on not
getting anything from us without waiting
find ont.” said the typewriter girl
or other, Women are never trusted
1 have accounts at two shops,” said the ct ing
painter haughtily, “my credit is excellent
[don't mean inthat way,” expla ned the ty pe-
weiter girl hurriedly, “but the facet is
have somehow acquired the reputation of being
natural-born
It has been said.” remarked the President
tiding over an unpleasant pause, “that i
good for man to be alone, but that was before
the modern bachelor apartment was
Planned. Why. at t¢t new Stonylonesome
they not only bave a dining room in the cellar
but they have another on the roof, andif women
are taken there to dinner they must eat in a
stuffy dining room on the thirteenth floor, be-
cause no women are allowed in the others a
der any circumstances
“That's ao, the dear things can swear and
put their feet onthe table, | suppose, and smoke
cigarettes,” suggested the newspaper e.rl who
a brother” “fhe lot of the unattached
woman is getting to be au much more serious
problem than the servant question. We are
gradually being crowded off the face of the
earth. We encounter the same attitude on
the part of agents, landlords and janitors that
has been adopted by the proprietors of the
hoteis. We have to go through life throwing
ourselves on their merey when we want things
that we are entitled to or else we must fight
for them. There is no middle course

and

Uiniison

girl, “is
said the
tnore than

nip them

manitors

te

Somehow

women

beats

is not

house

\e

ne-

has

 

The question is " said the President.’ what
are we going fo do about it?

Marry a man.’ answered the fluffy girl
“that's simple enougl

That would seem too much like meekly
Bibmitting to popular prejudice said the
china painter Is it possible that here in the
end of the nineteenth century, with al! our

talk of progress and emancipation and advance
that we are really rated in thie way We get
the ballot? Why, we can't even get our trans.
fers [rom car con ductors!

We can hardly k#ep a roof over our heads *
said the newspaper girl [ live on
floor and the rain comes through the casiling

the top

But the faniter wont mend it becanee he isn't
afraid of me.
“TL don’® @ea why a woman's hotel wonld

not show tue way out of the difflentty said
the President, thoughtfully It would be
lovely to have a dining room just as they have
one at the Stonylonesome and put up a sign
nz. No Men or Other Animals Allowed in
Under Any Cirenimestances
Another thing
have been talked
is that they

an\
H
about the women's hotels
sald the
all have some sort of
taw to them This will

|

‘non business from ever oy

that bout

lews-

paper girl
charity

always deter

nz ih one,
| will of course be of great value ts
working girls earning small wages. One of
of te most suegessful women's hotels in New
‘Home’ tacked to its name
inany of us would like to have on ous
eards ‘Saint Anne's Home?’ Of
would we like to meet a friend and say ‘Come
{n and have a cup of tea with me some after-
noon I am stopping at Saint

for Girls number 13, second tier?’ The trouble
about a woman's hotel woulda be the effort
they would make to keep up the tone. Gur
respectability would be oppressing. Bachelor
epertnen’ houses rather glory in a sort of
atmosphere that is quibe ne reverse. Tf you
@o to dinner in a bachelor flat it is always con-
sidered sv improper. [ wonder why it is?”

here was no answer to the fluffy girl's ques-
tion, The typewriter girl passed a box of
stuffed prunes

“No,” said the medical student “the woman's
hotel will never be a success. We would return
to our old condition, that of wandering like
a lost soul in a desert of rooms through a flat
six sizes too big for us.”

“Let us keep to the subject in hand,” said
the President, rapping with the tack hammer to
subdue asnicker from theclub. “I oan see only
one ray of light in the gloom that marks the lot
ofthe lone woman. Thatisthe codperative tat"

“The fact is,” said the medical student, “there
are a number of women who have solved the
riddle in just that way

“But everything ts always in a muddle about
money affairs,” said the china painter, who had
once flatted with the newspaper girl. | “You are
always in debt and you never can arrange about
If one girl has a visitor the other feels

How

how

Vitus's Home

girl has all the huddling to do it gets monoton-
ous and she can't help feeling hurt.’

‘Lots of men share up apartments in that way
to mutual advantage ” said the newspaper gir!
coloring «light ‘Why can't we arrange
things 80 that we thoroughly detine our rights in
the matter? If we persist in being unbusiness-
like in business stairs we cannot expect to
understand each other
girl pays the rent three months ru

nning she
may feel she is entitled to more s

privileges

“But hone can bhever be business,” said the |
“When vou try to make it so vou |

flufty girl
take away all the atmosphere.’

The management of a home has got to bea
bustt esa if it is going to be a success,” aid the
President Atmosphere without comfort is
unsolielving, asa man remarked once when he
went through a Surkivh armehair that his wire
had made out of a flour barrel. Havn't you
o'ten been toadinner” always given by women,
by the wav where the flowers and the favors
and the candloshades will all match
you can't wet anything to eat?

There was a whisper of us-ent
typewriter girl said) “But you take two or
more it. business girls, who have also to look
after thelr own frocks and keep them fresh
and be their own maids genergily, and tell me
where doas the titre or the inclination come in
for housekeeping?’

“The only correct rlan for codperative flat-
ting,” Said the President, “is to have cne girl
take ron herself the duties of houcekeering,
giving up evervthing for the purpose. Her
Rervices should compensate for her contri-
ution to the household fund. 8 is better
an having a hired hous Keorer, for house-
keepers are quite as dificult to secure as good
servants. But the girl who gives her interest
and her mind @ Care of the cobperative flat
will fee! that she is in reality earning a salary in
a way which should be just as t as an
other branch of labor. And of course thie

Then the

his bills that is the highest standard of moral- |

|

. ;

Vor instance, if one |
|

but where |

 

SUN, SUNDAY, MAY 18, 1900.

would not debar ber from any other work which | TI IT
would not take her away from home.” | {A §

“How could her duties be defined?” asked
the typewriter girl; “wouldn't it seem too much
like bene a wert to the others’”

“Nonsense, There are lots of girls who like
and naturally take to housekeeping. She
should do the inarketing and direct the servant
dhe should keep an account of the income and
expenditures, not a sometimes forgotten an

 
 

 

 

 

HER ADMIRING COURT,

Things Singers Have to Pat Up With From Her
and Her Daughters—Critictems of the Bay-

 

often guessed at list. wus ee errs to with reuth School of Singing Mme. Wagner's
System and regularity she should look atter
the comtort of the tatters enerully and ire: Reverence for Royalty -Her Kathustasm,

The two women were trying to make the
long wait pass aa quickly as possibly, One

quently have councils with them on the sub-
Jeat of housekeeping so that there should be

perfect understanding, This girl would be

the most important factor in the codperative appeared early in the first act and then sat
fiat plan Hometines gue take tarps at bei , in her dressing room for two hours and a half
ousekeeper, but the best plan is for the girl Fiend . iS —_—
With housekeeping inatinets to have this de- before she was seen again by the public rhe
partment entirely in her charge other woman appeared more frequently, but

her role was unimportant and she had merely
given her name to strengthen the ensemble,
The first woman, to whose dressing room the

should think,” suggested the ty pewriter
Wirl, “that the greatest diMleulty in the co-fat-
Nog plan would be the assimilation of habits
dispositions and tastes You take three girls,

especially wawe-earning wirls, They are apt other had gone for a chat in the interval be-
to possess considerable individuality. ll is. tween their appearances, is the most famous
bot always so easy to wet that happy tarils

singer in her fleld now before the public ‘The

feeling among airls.’

‘Whenever I hear that theory advanced,” | two women sat with light shawls draped over
sald the President, “it makes me think less of their shoulders, and congratulated each other
my sex If men get along together so de-

lightfully why should not we? There must be | 0! the fact that they would never be called

4 certain amount of conceagion. Courtesy and on again during the season to sing two such
consideration in any such arrangement Tl) uninteresting roles, for it was the last per.
We girls are such confirmed cranks that we can- formance of the work One of the women

hot bend a little bit in our various egotisms

then we should be treated as irresponsible and spoke to the other about her recent sticcess in

| disagreeable persons. The co-flatter must. a Wagnerian role which was in some particu.
miake up her mind to put all smalinesses in the lars quite out of her line
| way of gossip, jealousy and disagreeable con- | | MI OF Ne , .
duet beneath her feet In this way the coe | It was so much like Bayreath | am told
Ra} hecomen an opucete and a benef\t’ she began, “that f wondered if vou had been
‘The question of one drawing room is a troub- sea a sat a let we .
lesome one,” said the medical student, who | there to study it. ‘But | decided that you
flutted with the china painter when the latter Would never go to Bayreuth
Was engaged to a young man whe called seven Bat IT did go there.” anewered the other

evenings a week.’

“The pleasantest plan,” said the china painte
“is for each girl to have her own den ”

‘One ot the pleasantest co-flats Lever visited,”
said the newspaper girl, “was occupied by two
art students in a studio building There were |
two extra large rooins Before the girls moved
in they had them art papered, one in deep red
audonein green Then one girl furnished hers
as a Turkish room and the other was Japanese

who had gained her great farue in other than
Wagnerian roles | spent weeks there
with (he stage mavager and tonnd him won-
derful in bis ability to coach one in the drama-
tie and musical phases of the réles. He is
especially capable in dramatic features
of the work, - got along excellently with ting

 

two

the

 
 

  

 

 

 

They were considered the two prettiest roma | [was only with Mine. Cosima Wagner that 1
ithe building and it was full of pretty sindios | had any disputes A. of Was not to sing al
ey gave teas and had a beautiful time show. | ' . r
‘ ! Bayreut « srence
ing off their art treasures and people thoucht Bayreuth, her sug@estions iaade no differen
they had homes somewhere else In reality | te me and T paid no ationtion to them, But
rey nrod in the roowns altogether Of course, | I} could not help feeling a profound pity tor
thes didn't cao! Thes had their meals in the
burton var< are , alle
Segular nininie Pam | those poor singers who are gompelled to do
Studios are all very well.” said the Presi. | What she tells therm
| dent, “and they are extremely artistic, bat we | Poor Mine. Wagner” said the first woman
are apt to be carried aways ty thatideaofliv na t ! .
* Will a snitle the came sor »\ peri.
inachafing dish. Tt never pans out, thorsh 1 mi le | had the came 1 of expe
There is always a tendenev to degenerate , ebees with her at the outset, She has meauy
| ye too much plaster statuary apd foo many | very fantastic and impossible ideas, and it is
} Japenese tialretla ' home idea ois best |, | % | |
ually ‘ease mly ft » yitt
t with @ rol kitchen instead of & ans Kove diss | ial hecessary onl o be firm with her
| wuised as jardiniére when not in use and real ! I discovered soon after | got there that Bay-
dinners instead of crackers and cheese half the ; reuth is a court in one important particular,
| time
| wil . aguer as tl. queer ™ « ver
| How many girls can be co-flatters?” asked | ith Mine Waguera ines obody ever
| the medical student, who seemed much im. | tellsherthe truih, Visitors +toher and flatter
pressed be the ide: { her. singers le to her musicians never tell her

ishould think,” said the President

| thatany
| number from two tosix would ber
'

vat »
ssible Six wha think she

They tell her
It i= of course inipossible for her

the truth they

|
is about the init) Otherwise it becomes too | Wants to hear
| much ike a @ris’ seminary and vou need too + under the circumstances to know what is nee-
rge oan rtrient Whe rirls hay j
| ge an apartner Vhen six girls have the | esary for the best result. in the festival per-
cooperative Ggeas it is Ometimes befter to

formances there. | more fortunate that

 

 

|
|
) take two small fats and then it is often possible | Was
to have one servant for both, especially if the | most of the other singers in my position there
girls are economically tnelined t ine skied ; ers alia
| How much does it cost?” asked the AuMs last summer. 1 was the only Wore he could
girl | get at the time to sing my roles That made
}
j That question,” said the President, “ia one } me in @ measure independent But [ believe
} which we ld make a subject for discussion all | ehat T should have got alone with her all right
| be itself of course, the sum would differ, av. |
| cording to the wav in whieh the girls wished | Underany circumstances. | made a stand at our
| bi pp ian ble to do it very cheaply. | first interview. She told me of the attitudes
Jutyonean't de anything very cheapl:, that is
‘ h ole } ‘ t ’ } ries .
very satisfactor yn the lone hose | She expe ed me to take and of the gesture

 

von read of incosev cornera | She considered appropriate. They were ab-

|

ideal schedules that {
with dinners |
|

'

surd

about farilies living on $i a day She wanted me to crawl over the floor

at 25 cents each, are always written by women Pe ie f

who are chronic boarders. But on ean safels in a fa hion that would have made me look
ridiculous. So 1 decided to find out in the be-

calculate on living better and far more cheaply
than ina boarding house, The usualrateinan
ordinarily bad city boarding house is $10 a week
fora hallroom which isnot heated inthe winter
This isalwars an absolutely cheerless apartment,
the very look of which has driven many a hope-
less working Woman to self destruction. Girls
ean easil have a coOperative flat and live
preasante, for that sum each week; they can
ive much better for a little more, and have

ginning if it were possible for us to get along to-
gether. T know what I can attempt and what
is impossible for me. So J] told her frankly
that it would be out of the question for me to
try anything the kind she proposed
explained why and to my surprise I found
that she was perfectly tractable, She adopted
my suggestions as to what had better be done
and agreed with me that her plan was a mistake
After what I had heard of Mme. Cosima, this
astonished me. But 1 found that the same plan
could always be made successful. It was nec-
essary only to reason with her, tell her the why
aud wherefore and let it be seen that you are
quite as certain and determined as she

|

things that they like to eat instead of having |

to caleulate about the nrice.” i

‘But those are only glittering generalities,” |

said the fluffy girl, taking out her pencil Can't
you gives aroughestunate?”

Pake four gitls,” said the President) “they
rent an apartment of eight rooms for sav $60
They bave one servant, $16: a gas bill of $5, and
allow $50 for. provisions. That amounts to

$151 to be divided among the three of the girls,
the fourth being the housekeeper. which makes

 

| 9 ents oe e doogen Nga each of forty odd Alter that there will be no trouble until it
| dollars Mitty dollars will certainly cover the % ) a 1 They are reepon-
j amount. This isn't a stingy estimate, either comes from the daughters. They are rexpon

| Four girls can live very nicely on this plan, | sible for most of the absurdities suggested by

the disadvan-
She

who labors under
little

Ot course, the co-flat can be operated on half the | their

! } moter,
sin for each girl |
|
|

seeing
sighted that she has to depend for her know|l-

tage of very sO hear-

"You haven't allowed,” sald the fluffy girl *
and all those lists

for magazines aid charities

 

  
 

}
{intl  cosey corbers put ina dollarand tencents | edge of visual effects on what her daughters
| a year for magazines and charitins } teil her. It is not Mme. Wagner who makes
\ The coOperative flat plan works beautifully ‘ . Ti sped ‘ :

| regarding the magazines,” said the President, | W@ difficulties with which every artist: must
| ‘foreach girleets a ditferent oneand they all go | contend at Bayreuth. It is the ehildren
| ° 1 the library table Don't yon see how lovely | I had some some indication of that when I
| And about charity?" said the fluffy girl | Was there studying Ava,” said the other wo-
| We should begin at home,” said the Presi- | man. “Mme Wagner was away ona visit when
| dent, ‘and learn to be kind toeach other, When |] arrived. One of the daughters came to my
J we had mastered that we would try_to learn | bote) and sted thatl , Wahn.
Ito be kind to the cook and the cat. Then our | Detel and insisted that] must come to Wahn-

syropathies night be wide enoveh to take in | fried and meet at one of the soirées there the

. ' 1 ] - ' f ! w
the Anite . d ‘ e ne DOF and after that we | blue blood of Bayreuth, This is composed of a
contd braneh out in other directions | a apn ee
\iter another round of stuffed prunes the | f@W petty nobles, civil officers and the prosper-

ous bourgeoisie of the litUe Bavarian town
| declined on the ground that | had brought
only a travelling dress with me and had come
only with the idea of study. Ulumately | had
| to give in for | saw that struggle would be use-
less. | was introduced to the group gathered
in the salon and everything passed off success-
} fully enough until } began to scent a dispesitvon
to ask me to sing That I was determined not
to do = The downright request came finail

and | refused it with the same directness. ‘There
was some polite urging, but | was firm. Then
' it was a surprise to see the change in the de-
It was inconceivable to

meeting was adjourned

COLLEGE WOMEN IN AN OPERA,

Brooklyn Girl Fornishes the Libretto for

Performance at Radcliffe.

CAMBRIDGE, Mass..Mayi2 “Juttoneisenough
for me,” isthe refrain song inthe operetta which
Radcliffe ¢
any stage in Brattle Hall on Tuesday evening,

ollege girls gave for the first time on

 

 

. ae ; meanor of the duughters

but one performance wasn't enovah for the them that any be ‘f, should decline the privilege
vudience, so the thing has been repeateddwo or | of singing at Wahnfried. Even the loeal ecur-
three timessince, andin every case toa crowded | tiers sitting about the room: seemed scandal-
house. ‘The University set as well as the Har- | i4ed by such temerity, but Istuck to my point
; Ache gt ‘ ' | Mme. Wagner gave me several suggestions
vard man appreciated the fun of the college as to the way in which she thought certain
wrinds” and the musie of “A Copper Complica- | seenes ought to be acted and sung = Nearly all

: 7 j the din run coun | HPD ideas are founded on the conditicns that
oom and it Was he = aes 08 onal suicer axiat the Bayreuth theatre and in some ut

my, and it was real approt on for the oper- | the German opera houses. Of such audileriuns
ella, ae well as the distinet personal suceess | as one flods in this country she fas no eon-
scored by Misa Mabel Daniels, the conposer, | e¢Ption. For that reason it was amusing to

tue that she should prestiiece to udvise me as to

 

|
|
|
|
'
|
| and Miss Rebecea Hooper

 

 

the Lbretuet, which the best way of singing certain parts of the

biade necessary so many perfortnances music plane. Tt might h been heard at
Miss Hooper's father os President of the payre uth bus pever anyWiiere ine, abd yet |

, - flatter mio Self Loan sing pian: 1 would never

Brookiyn Institute of Arts and Sciences Shehas ) have ailowed her under my circumstances to

give ine advice about singing. One day she
tome: ‘My dear, you must try to forget all about
the Italian operas when you are © nging Wae-
ner’s. They are not all the seme’ My reply was
Nobody will ever confuse them One must
know how to sing to give the Ital an worke’

The Bayreuth sebool of opera singers, which
has produced Her: Burastaller, Frau von Mil-
denburg and one or two others waa sugested
by this reference to singing as the art is re-
vealed at Bayreuth. The two women, one of
them especially distinguished by her preémi-
nence in the art. agreed on this subsfect. Thetr
opinion was not very flattering to the seheol
founded by Mme agner to carry out ber
ideas aa to the way in which the great Richard's
operas should be acted and sing in the future

"It is one thing to recognize a good vocal
method,” said one of the women, “and quite

|

written a bright book for Miss Daniels’s music
The story of u copper complication

about Macau, with whom Prince Poppender’ is
desperately in love. Mada is the daughter of |
Seftor Boomer, a tuld and amiable gentleman
whose fortune (in coppers) has been acquired
during perambujant hand-organ days spent in
New York. But by 1950, the time of the story,
it is no longer the fashion for foreign noblemen
to marry American money. Hence, coppers
form a great obstacie to Mada's alliance with
the Prince This litde diflculty, however, is
not to be permitted to block the way of a mar-
riage into the nobility--not if Senhora Boome,

centres

Mada's mother, can prevent it. So all have | another to be able to teach one well a method
taken fiving machines from Spain for America, | For us who go to Bayreuth to sing or learn a
| certain role, there is no danwer in what is

taught us there But I do feel sorry for the
| young peope learning there the firat they

are to know of ther art. LT have heard some
of them sing and | assure you they gave uot

where it is hoped to exchange the coppers for

some other form of wealth As it happens, the |
party lands in Cambridge, a circumstance which
promises to be especially fortunate, since it soon

: the least evidence of a vocal trainiune that
becomes known that Radcliffe girls are searcli- | would develop their voices {n the least ot
ing for a great quantity of copper with which to | enable them to sing more than a few vears
cover the dome of their new library building. | With the first straln on the voice, they would

All seems to be going well the head of the house
of Boomez an Amasonian of tremendous en-
ergy -meetathe Radeliffe maids and exchanges
the copperfor a fair sizedcheck,only to learn
that the Spanish prince, with characteristic
Spanish ardor, has since their departure rewis-
tered a solenin vow to marry no maid who has
not a dowry tn copper, Here then in the com-
plteation, a coil so appiuling that only a massive
intellect like that of (haries River, the Harvard
man of the piece, is equal to its solution
Charlea River isu winter man,” and the life of

L felt especially interested in some
very promising people while T was there It
was perfectiy plain from the wav in which
they were being taught that they would never
survive on the operatic ‘age long enough
tomake areputation Even the way in whieh
they are tauglit toaet there lacks all spontaneity
and spirit. One tenor had been so methodf-
cally and carefully taught to act Siegfried that
he seemed more like a piece of clockwork than
aman He had been minutely coached as
to the way in which he shall stand, with his

be ruined.

 

the piece The part was taken by Miss Hooper | feet only a certain distance apart and he is
herself, who carried her audience with her into | naturally never able to forget all these in-
every comic freak executed. Ter work wasre- | structions. | will be very interesting to oh-
markable, and the specialty in which she showed | serve the outeome of the Bayreuth schoo!
what it means to have a “phonograph attach- ; The two most famous graduates of Mme. Wae-
ment” put on vour volce was mitth-provoking = ner’ teaching although ther can scarcely
Mire Hooper is amagingly popular here, and be -aid to have been in the school, as it was
she ts clever enough and kind enovgh to keep all | founded after their appearance at Bayreuth
the friends she makes. The Radcliffe girls in | have already begun to show the bad effect
the play are the “most delictous things thet ever | of what passed there for singing, One is a
i happened.” Their entrance fairly made the larvtone. who after four vears of singing ts
audience gasp. so chie and up-to-date were. disiinctly Inferior to what he was when he

they in their crimson gowns, picture hats and began and the other is a soprano whove abuse

black velvet ribbon decorations. These maids, | of her volee has already begun to show the

miles removed from what {8 accepted as the ! moat discouraging results

“Tyee annex atri,” brought down the house "Tt is easy to understand, however,” an-
About sixty girls, all former or present mem- | swered the other womau, “that she should

bers of the college, assisted in the production. | make 80 many devoted adherents to her prin-

the whole work of staging, drilling, scene paint- ciples. Her personal magnetiem {fs unde-

ing, costuming, business management and | niable. Her immense ent hupiaaee is cone
orchestration being in the hands of the girls | tagious, and nobody connected with Bayreuth
themeelves. The music has been published and | is so industrious as she an preparations

for the performance are in progress. Mme
Wagner spend: all her days at the theatre and
most of the nights at her deak
of the Bayreuth theatre passes under her con-
trol, Such zeal in a woman of her age {s aston-
fshing. The whole yreut pparatus is
wonderful in ita way. There are foatures in it

wae for sale during the performance, ‘The pro-
ceeds of the venture will be presented to the
collage by Mise Daniels and Mies Hooper. the
able originators of the affair

Stee! Dram Heads.
A curious modern use of steel fa found in ite

employment in very thin sheets as asubstitute | and a. ¥ ris fe and apirit of
for sheepskin in the heads 4 for frum, the ae thing, She appears at her beet at
these heads costing lees than D he Wahnfried receptions when the Sie
being more resonant, ances ere in progress. Then she etands in

ee
=

that are unsetisfac' , but when one aon- |
a the "whole heme it is remarkable. |
y the li

    
 

rae OO PPATIOILO

THE QUEEN OF BAYREUTH AND |

|

|

 

views of Mme. Wagner were not altogether

so flattering One night at Bayreuth Mme S¥iffing of the scene of manufacturing from
e ner _- in the midst of all the glory of a the small country hamlet to large centres

ahnfried reception, She was in the centre = ° . one . . a

af ihe ferns rd About her ware mathared’ the fhe tree has witnessed all these changes, bas
customary cluster of potabilities. She was cer the mill standing near slowly talling inte
re. vine them, chatting with them and domi- decay, the population changing, but still the
nating the seene with her aecustomed dis- » , re, a! .

Unetion Suddenly a little, red-faced woman, scythe hangs there, summer and winter, @
fat and badly dressed entered the room mute testimonial to the devotion to duty that
Isolde whispered to her mother who in nppey anvoated young Bliss. His tather, Milton
of her glasses could not see the visitor 7 Biss, was engaged in building the dam stand-
Crown Princess Beatrice of  Pumperniclel

Finstein’) the daughter whispered) to he ing by nd sent lus son to ent seme briere
mother Immediately Mme Wagner became that were inthe wav of stone that were needed
an insignificant feature in the scene. She  \frer the briers were cut the scythe was hone
was so profoundly impressed by the appearance .

of this modest sprig of royalty that she lowt  ' rermeall pine tree near, probably without
all her personal dignity and impressiveness a thought of how long it would remain there,
in the attempt to show how obsequiously polite In a day or two Augustus Blies went to tha
she could be Mme Wagner was never ti y
same woman during the rest of the evening front, having enlisted tor a three years’ term
The Wagners have of course every reneor ol serviee in the army some time previous
| to be gratetul to Kings, But it seemed to me ‘phe young soldier hever came back. He was
that she had overdone the neliieness 1 le ; :

hefore the fat Princess and | the time | b it 18 years Md Wien he ent ated, Ang 4, 1882,
mained Mme. Wagner never recovered ber tif pany 4} ih ry s Ath Mussachusetta
customary importance. It ow the most Beg vent Vile with tis regiment in the
perfect eclipse I ever saw, and for such an Bouts he Wie vertaken bs a fatal iliness,
unimportant person, Mme. Wagner, who is 2t died in an army hospital at Mildale, Miss

nto the hack The clreuinstances of tus contracting disease

Bvery detail |

  

           

THE ONLY THOROUGH COMPLETE ANNIKILATOR OF
ed Bugs and Black Cockroaches.

For DESTRUCTION and com

plete riddance of BLACK Cock
HOACHES, BEETLES, WOOD and WaArkit
KuGs, Bep BuGs, ANTS, Ravs, MICK,
ete., Rough on Rats, though poisonous, if

used with care is very effective. Mix, say,

4 25¢. box carefully with a pound or so of
mashed botled potatoes, or with a loaf of
fincly crumbled bread, or two tin cups of tine
haunts Even the hardier Black Cockroaches, Beetles, Wood or Water Bugs, in one
or two applications will be completely anuihiiat-d. Directions for Bed Bugs, ete, with
packages. Is sold al) around the word. Is used by all civilleed nations of theearth
the moot extensively advertised. the best known and has the largest sale of any article ot
its Kind on the face of the globe, — Li gives satisfaction every time, everywhere. The old
reliable Lint never fails nor disappoints They “don'tdle inthe house.” and it is the only thing that will
wermanently annihilate Bed Bugs it stands unrivalled tn the destruetion of Rars Mick. BED BUGS,
SEETLES, WATER BUGS, Ec. Beware of imitations. | employ no peddlers. Have a suspicion of an
freer offering substitutes sald to be as good. Ide and 25e sizesin wooden boxes. $1.00 size i cardboar
+oKeS,

D oO N y T EXPERIMENT. ‘Hold on to that which is good" Have a suspicion of any dealer who
muy try to substitute something sald to be fust as food as Roughon Rats possibly
some peeteranon pon whieh they can make a jarger profit. Rough on Rats has no equal for purposes

intended. Look out also for imitations Aside from the Rat and Mouse feature, itis the only permanent)
effective exterminator of Bed Bugs, Roaches and Ants. In the, 2he, and $t.00 boxes ws ’

i. S. WELLS, Chemist, Inventor, Manfr., and Proper, Jersey City, No 0, 1

i
ywdered sugar, and plaec* about thelr

 

S.A

ROUGH on PIL

Used largely in this and foreign countries
at first application, and qulew

ETD
‘ The completely, absolutely successful, never failing cure, relieg
Eaternal and internal treatmen! in the one package. Priee 500 at Drugetat ,

or sent promptiy by mati on reesipt of pitee
bk S. WELLS, Chemist, 710 Grand St.,Jersey City, N. J

             
           
        
 
     
       
                
          
        
            
     
     
      

    
 
  
   

        
     
   
 

s AU IRRITATION
AMT ONCE,
ete

of THE .
AND inal

        
    

35¢
AT DRUGGISTS
SENT BY MAIL. Wy
£.5.WELLS, Chemist.

SERSEY CITY, Nid.
U.S.A.

MAKES ALSO A GRATEFUL LOTION FOR TENDER. TIRED OR FEVERED Feet

“PIIRACLE OF HEALING.”

          

Poa

 
             

              
     
       

 

 

           
                 
         

  

   

    

    
 

q ‘e

We Is’ M

)

iracle of Healing P owder

Kills Ivy Polson, (teh. Seit Khoum, Berema, Ringworm, Cures any sore on man of beast however long
standing or severe, whatever the source or cause, Cures ulcers, skin dise ases, cubs, lacerations, mashes, cane
tustons, felons, carbuncles, boils, burns, sealds, eruptions, discharges from sore ears, pimples. Cures Dog,
Snake, Spider Mosquito andfall ins ct bites: wounds or serateches by any animal, Most marvellous healing
agent of modern t!mes receipt of price

A

    

 

   

de bottles at druggists or sent promerily by maf! on
ey Xk

Gray Hair.
Wells’ Hair Balsam Is
NOT A DYE,

But gradually restores gray hair to
original natural color, black or brown,
Contains no oil nor grease. Is not
sticky Or mussy.

Jersey Clty, N, Ss

———

 
     
                          
     

50c. and $1.00 Bottles.

Al drig@ists, or sens prepaid by express on receipt
of price.

B.S. WELLS, Chemist, Jersey City, N J
middle of the orewing room, a wonderfully
distinguished fwure with her white hair her |
splendid profile very strongly resembling her
father lisvt in his later years and wonder-
fully erect, She ls always the most distin-
guished-lookiug Woman in the room whoever
may be there.” |

"Yes and yet I have seen her almost dis-
appear before a tite,” said the singer, whose

          
       
 
     
 
      

 

        
     
    

as the tree stands near the club's comfortable
quarters in Bliseville, @ hamlet just across
the North Orange line into Warwick.

When young Augustus Bliss left home and
parents, to figlit lus country’s battles, Bliage
Vile waa a busy centre of small industries,
traces of which remain to tell the story of the

        
   
       
    
      
 

         

   
      
       
    
 
   
    
        
        
    
   
  
 

      
   
   

      
         
    
      
       
         
           
    

 

            
    

 

   
          

 

    
         
             
      

  

        
     
       
    

           
          
      
      
       
    

  

        

quite the reverse, disappeared =
ground ‘ very sad

ad gone 40
for his Comrades, and his eon A had orders
SCYTHE IN THE PINE TREE,

to march while he was gone He tried to over-
take them, and the over-exertion was more
— than he could stand. and he was taken tll with
fever before he had been in battle He waa
not brought home for burial, but hia name
is on the poll of honor on the soldiers’ monu-
ment at Orange
In all these sears no one has meddled with
the scythe. Ut has hung there a symbol and
visible reminder to his tather of his son’s de
votion to duty As the tree grew. the seythe
has become embedded in the wood, until it
ie 8 pers of spe, tree ae apeth. which has
; n forced off the seyvthe by the growing tree,
taken down from the tree where he hung it, ;, supported in its original position by rie! mati
ramework. The woodwork of the tholes

but has become imbedded in the growing pine
until {t is @ fixture. Thie pathetic reminder has yielded to the action of the elements and
| fallenaway. Around the tree, which is probably
a’ ite base

   

 

get water

 

    
 
        
 

THE

     

A Curious Reminder of a Son's Going to the
War, Never to Retarn
From the Springfield Rep@@Mican
Thirty-eight years ago young Avguetus
Bliss of Warwick quit cutting brush on his
father's farm, hung his acythe on a pine tree
and went off to war. The soldier boy never
came back, and the scythe has never been

      
    
 

                
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

  

of the gareat civil struggle is a familiar sight , a little over a foot in diameter bas

to members of the Sheomet Club of this city, j been erected a railing.