1 =‘ TALEOF A HUMAN OSTRICH.

GHEE OLD DETECTIVE ON THE
TILITY OF DISGUISES.

A Young Clergyman Who Wanted to Marry a
Rich and Aged Widow-Steps Taken by the
Lawyer to Prevent It The Crisis at the
Sanitarium--Moral of Trifles That Betray.
Abe Cronkite, the former detective, who

had been pacing the prison hospital floor with

the restlessness of an active man under en
forced idleness, suddenly stopped short and
drew up achair by the old Colonel

“Those fellows yonder,” he began, indicat-
fng with his thumb a group of convalescents
over by the window, “those fellows make me
weary with their boastings of how easy 4 thing
{t is for a man to conceal his own Identity,
Why, when you sift their stories down, what
do they amount to except a mustache stuck
on here, a coat turned there, a limp assumed,
@ spare slouch hat handy; tricks too stale to
take in a constable at a county fair’ Let me
tell you that it is only by constant thought
and the most particular care that a trained
detective is able to cover up his peculiarities
to say nothing of his phiz, so that they wont
give him away. Why, I remember when one
of the slickeat Secret Service men in the coun
try was caught dead to rights by # woman aim-
ply because he took his penknife out of his
pocket and pared his nails in the way he had
been in the habit of doing under vastly differ
ent ciroumstances, And the cleverest natural
actor I ever came across, who could assume
not only the appearance but also the spirit of
almost any character with but few artificial
appliances, a cool fellow, too, full of resources,
at the time when the job of his life demanded
the most exacting attention to the most trifling
details, revealed his identity as unmistakably
; as if his name had been stamped all over hum
: What was the trouble? you ask. Simply this
That for all his cunning he was a human os-
Hi trich, satisfied when his face was hid that he
was unrecognizable. You are inelined to
; agree with him, are you, that a changed face
{fs a pretty good disguise, Weil, I'll tell you
the story and then you will see that the man
who makes out to carry off an assumed part
ghould black al over like the enthusiastic
actor in one of Dickens's works did when he
played Othello.

“I was working in a private agency shop
down in the city when one day the boss called
me in and said: ‘Abe.’ says he, ‘old Hiram
Hawks has asked me to send him one of our
best men for an inquiry, Now, as al!
the other boys are out on assignments, I think
J can safely let you fill the bill without casting
any reflections on them or you.’ Well, I said
something back about the more he reflected the
more he thought of me, just to keep my end
up, you know, and went about the business
without further ado. [knew old Hiram Hawks
as about the shrewdest family lawyer in the
Btate; a close old file, with his safe chock full
of wills he had drawn, and his pigeonholes
crammed with the papers of estates he had
quartered; a man who never went into court
without getting a big allowance, but who
made no allowance for what he did get in his
charges to his clients; an office lawyer, in a
word, who held office for all there was in it,
{ you can just bet.

- “Hiram Hawks knew mé, too, There was

a f o preliminary sparring, ‘Abe,’ said the old

A awyer, ‘in the course of your perexrinations

were you ever at the Swanville Sanitarium?’ s
“T'was never in that section of the State,

 

 

o

| Tanswered.
“'Good,’ says he; ‘now you could be bilious
onapinch?’
H “With a pinch or so of some stuff I know
| of, | could look far more bilious than I am,’ I
\ replied
! ‘Exactly,’ says he. ‘Then your name ts
James Blockson, retired merchant, with a

touch of bile, and here's a letter from my old
riend, Dr. R. L. Z. Lesley, recommending you
{5 the particular care of Prof. Raven, the
head of that famous institution.’
“That's easy.’ says [, ‘now get down
what's going to be hard.’

"eee? “Ang then he told me, Colonel, that a wrong-
headed old lady client of his, whose husband
had left her about ten cool million uncen-
ditionally, and who had no one in the world to

' leave it to in turn but a granddaughter
: who lived with her, had taken up amazing
with a young English clergyman, staying at
he sanitarium, and thathe wanted some one to
eon hand tosee what the man's game was ans
way, and if {t was crooked to block it. The old
Jady's name was Mrs. Eliza Paynter
remember Paynter who struck oil in the
bixties, don't you?—the clergyman passed as
the Rev. Claude Hastings, and the getand-
daughter was Miss Rachel

“Very good) Tbegantoask questions. ‘Where
do you get your information?’ | asked

“"Mra. Paynter’'s maid has always been
very communicative to me for the welfare of
her mistress,’ said old Hiram, ‘but she is getting
aged and decrepit, and | ‘ear half-foolish’

“Well, whatisthe Englishman upto?’ [ con-
tinued

“*Marriage,’ he said, “and Mary Allen, that’s
the maid, you Know, reports that the old lady
will take him certain. Think of it, nearly three
seore and ten, and so apoplectic thatthe next
seizure will carry her off by lightning express

” And yet she's aa keen and practical us the

devil; vo court in the country would hold for
a moment that she wasn't competent to manage
her own affairs.’

“Then why don’t you let her do it?’ L went
on. ‘Young men have taarried old women before
and both yey happy. Just because he's got
an eye for the main chance is no sign that he's
a fraud, isit?’

“There's a chance that he said
Hiram Hawks with a sigh, ‘and after you see
his charmer you'll think s0 too. Of course,
if she marries him she will give every cent
to him, and then where will Miss Rachel be,
and where willl be, too? Asher will now
stands the granddaughter inherits as she

p j would in law, and I have charge of the estate

Do you think I’m going to be done out of any

such rich business for the lack of a little in-

telligent inquiry? And I'll tell you something
else, Mr. Abe Cronkite, since you're so keen to
know, my son, Hiram, Jr. and Miss Rachel
have been lovers tor years.’

“'Then why doesn’t helook out for his lady
love?’ | asked

“Because if the old lady dreamed of a sueh

a thing she'd disinherit her granddaughter

anyway,” answered old Hawks ‘She's been

isoned against my boy and has forbidden
im her presence since he was achild) There's
nothing Re can do except wait, so he's off for

Europe with some of his collewe friends And

now do you wonder why [miso interested?’

“Oh, yes.’ said 1, ‘L wonder all right
in another direction, f wonder why
take more drastic means. '

“Find out something first,’ said he with

a florce light in his little eves, ‘and if it’s erun-

nal I'll have that tlastings behind the bars,

and if it’s only disreputable, I'll write him
up in the papers in a way to make his hair
curl. But he's a cunning fellow and well fort

to

is,’

but
you don't

 

fled in every direction with the most un
exceptionable references and letters to our
best people. It will take some slick work
Abe, to show up the real man, so get yvoursel
up like a middle-aged dyspeptic id inte
that institution as quickly as possible.’
/ “I wasn't especially stuck on the assien
ent, Colonel Putting my own private
nowledge with what he told me | th ught

the old lady was bound to get the worst end
of it in any event. Of course Hiram Hawks's
motives were perfectly sh; his ox
be anything else, He wanted the estate
himself and for his son, a young man of whom
{ 1 bad heard nothing but evil reports: a spoiled
child, wild, extravagant, always mixed uy
in some scandal, vet tolerated ety oon
account of his cleverness as an
No doubt, the old lidy had been right in her
interdict of him, Still, it might well be, not-
withstanding, that this Hastings up at the Sar
tarium was an impostor who ought to be ex
posed, Hiram Hawks Was a good custor
of ours, and it was none of my |
look into the rights of a case
; fitting myseli out like a prosperous,
‘ business man, without any particular
or education, I made my way to Swanville
4 “You may have heard of the Sanitar
{ Colonel, My letters gave me the right
’ of an introduction, and Prof. Raven, in show!
me to a second story front, just over
the middle of the long veranda, assured me
that I was surrounded by the most select
his patients. Thus IT came to know that the
Rev. Claude was only two doors away, wi
the sulte of reoms oceupied by Mrs. Paynter
Sas on the same floor, but at the side, where

n
Hae eto

 

 

too closely 0

style

um,

she got a southern exposure

Colonel, a '
hoepita nd
bres

“It was a queer
cross between a hote and’ a
as cranky I've always found |
to be A long-drawi-out place, with
halls, and reoms set as regular and
gether as cards in a fresh pack Phe Wi
a subdued air about it, as if the tuneral servi
had just been said; a dreadfully contining
air, as if there was very littl: hope of escape
short of the resurrection A watery plaice
Colonel, you'd think that you were
for the shower baths a-splashing

lace,

 

 

  
 

   
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
    
 

re

and that

 

the house was a fire for the servants running
with tubs and buckets. There was a little
crazy old woman who sat all day long in our

hall with an umbrella up
was a sien of her mental recovery; swear
1 did. The table wasn't bad, though you had
an idea that the steaks and chops might be
medicated. The bill of fare reminded me of
& prescription, and as for anything in the line
of geniality or heartiness, well, like the pepper

and | thought that

wre, i pose there
“And shawls, Colonel; you wouldn't see
®uch @ collecion short of a fire sale, Every

 

PU.

you |
|

udn’t |

retired | ¢

rt |

at Niagara |

“|

woman wore one, and many wore two, soit was as
hard to discriminate among the bundles that
waddled into the dining room a8 to pick out
some particular mummy in @ museum
when [saw an old lady unwind one great woollen
laver and hand it to the young man on whose
arm she had entered with a lanwuishing, ‘Yes,
dear Claude, if you think the gray will be quite
warm enough for me,’ LT felt certain that
had found my quarry. They sat just beyone
me, she facing, be with his back to me, andl
had an excellent chance to study them, Mrs
Pavnter was a twisted old creature, with an
enormous nose and a mass of flaxen hair
| around which the gray stuek out
popping up bere and there amid the perjuries
of a lawsuit, She had a nervous, excited @x-
pression on her face, which aroused my interest,
as if
flicting forces, The more I
surer | felt, that however natural her

 

watched her the
nald's
her regard tor her

suapiclons might have been
companion, while atrong, Was more mate ral |
than more kindly than selfish. |

cherished

sensible enough to know they were im-
possible, but if 1 was any judge of the human
countenance, there was far more sacrifice than
eCuger possession in the tender way ia which
she looked at hin

I was inclined to believe that Hiram Hawk»s's |

 

 

doubts of the dominie. Colonel, were well
founded, Everything about him, the mine.
irs vartioular wis in whieh he had
walker uy the room the = stiff mithi-
per in which, exeept once or twice, he bore
himeelf, his thiek black hair. which was long and
janky, his bushy English beard, his eve glisse

above the normal «ize, the cut of his eoat, hlrh
and with sloping shoulders, a general, indefl-
nite air of being alert, all impressed me with
the idea oof artificiality, It was well done,
harmoniou He might easily be what he
seemed arathep austere and finieal clergyvinan;

 

To was convinced that 1 was |

 

 

    

1) he waen't “a \
Up agatist ward proposition Such of his
face as the beard did not veil showed clear |
and smooth, unmarked by Jine or wrinkle,
Admitting that the fellow had a natural talent
for diswuises, ha seemed to have all the personal
advantage no peculiarities, a medium form
might make tall or short) broad or

that dress

 

 

 

 

   

ender a mobile countenance and a constant
sense of the part assumed, His gaze through
his gouwgles was firm and candid and worth a
fortune to a swindler, for good folks feel so
sneaking mean themselves when they do wrong
that thev a te deceit with embarrassment
and nervous dread

“In only one way did) Hastings show for
aninstant alack of self-control: in the eager look
he gave now and then toward the dé What
he was watehing for became apparent when a
tall young wirl, handsome, but not beautitul

to my eyes, entered and took her place at the
side of their little table. She seemed just as
attentive to Mrs. Paynter as the. clergyman
was, and between them the old lady was in a
rreat state of tittivation. IT say. that Miss
Rea hel didn’t strike me as beautiful, for some-
how, Colonel, | always associate beauty with
goodne and she had a cunning light in her
eyes when she turned to Hastings which I did
not faney. It was noticeable,too, the way his
manner changed when he addressed her, To
the old Indy he was stiff and formal, bending
forward slightly, with may bea erave wave of
the hand, in tull eonformity with the dignity
of his holy office; but when he turned to Miss
Hachel, just as when he had looked toward the
door, there was a forgetfulness for the moment
that showed the real man, ardent, impassioned,
irapatient: and then direetly he would puil him
self towether, wet into his surplice and mount
again into the pulpit

“Another thing, Colonel, and then you. will
have the sum total of my observations. When
Hastings spoke to Mrs. Paynter he held his
neck rigid, bending his back alittle: but when he
leaned over to Miss Rachel, in that impulsive
way, lis head settled, as naturally as habit,
a little to one side; and then, just behind the
right ear, there would appear a curious com-
bination of wrinkles like a six-pointed star,
flashing out in the relaxing of the flesh and
then disappearing as the normal pose of the head
was resumed. Thinks I, ‘Old fellow, if you have
never taken the trouble to study the back of
hed neck you may get it there some day for
air

‘| walked up and down the veranda, Colonel,

AS

  

 

  

after dinner, and tried to formulate miy um-
pressions, and of this mueh LT felt) pretty well
convinced. Hastings and Mise Rachel were

 

Jovers, and they were trying to persuade the old
lady todo something. They were going to suc-
ceed, too and it looked as if Hiram Hawks’s

| ws of hagdling the estate and landing a rich
ride for his son would have to be relegated
to the Himbo ef unborn things. Another idea

| had, vaguer, but persistent in coming back
tony mind, and that was that whatever these
two Were scheming Was nearing a crisis; thatl
had no time for further deliberation, but had

better watel out

| did wateh out, Colonel, without further
delay It was now 9 o'clock, and the great es-
tablishment was as quiet as an orphan asylum

 

 

   
  

  

 

   

  

att G. Mo. No one was in the shadowy par-
Jors: the twinkling rows of lights in the front
showed that almost every room was ocenpied
The night was moonless and starless and very |
dark) an impenetrable curtain evond the ra- |
dius of the glow of the lamps. L went upstairs |
and into the side jiall on whieh Mrs. Payiuter'’s
rooms were situated. The window at the end |
opened on to the eranda root, and there was |
a here where one would be safe from ob- |
Pp it there and waited, with all ry |
. The light) streamed through |
the d transom of her door, and ocea- |
. {hear the hur of vorees, but ne |
distinguishable words M sense of smell, |
however, did ine better service, for 1 cnaumht
the scent of burning paper, and then of buruing
wat; there cou be no doubt about it, !
legal document wast eur din the pres-
ence and, therefore, th the consent of the
three

\ few moments later the door opened and
iwtings and Miss Rachel came They
rod Close tovether tor a moment you |
satistied with thi hit's work,’ she aske

I will be,” he a ered significantly
girlturned pale, then smiled and
slightiy; but if there was disapproval in the
movement there was encouragement ino the
cunning light that returned to her eyes
She went back into the reom, and Hastings
passed on his way, not torgetting the stiff,
springy step which had struck me as an exag-
weration

[went back to my room, and watehed and
waited until it was late and everv: light in the |
long row on either side was out except one |

Just two windows away, and it was apparent
that every shawl in the house must have been
folded in’ sleep, Then, determined to know
What Hastings might be doing, J dressed my-

out

 

The
hook her head

    

 

 

 

self in an old black suit’ with eollar and
eeves so arranged that not one speck of white
howed, put out my lamp, and slipping out of
he window began to work myself alone the |

1
roof of the veranda, flat on my tace, Colonel,
| had hardly crept a foot when the darkness,
} which as T said was very great
} lite raised my head; that light in Hastinus'’s |

room had vadished. T listened to a sudden
j Round It was the opening of nearby shut-
| ters. Then came other sounds, sott and eau

became abso- |

  

wid Et realized that Hastings, too, had wot |
outoon the t and was creeping toward me

Would we collide Well, if we did so mueh the

 

    

   

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

   

 

 

 

   

    

| harder for a clergyman to explain the situa-
tion than forme. Stull, [shrunk back close to
| the siding. ‘The shadow, as of an enormous
} snake, glided past me about four feet away
ind a moment later Thad swung around and
was slipping alter that shadowy snake |
I didn't wrigele he did, Coloned
or when Pagot te ieside the shadow
}o had disappeared. Torose to my feet. in utter
} Uineertarnty What, oh what should EF deo?
Vhe answer came in aseream from an adjacent
! inva flash of light through an adjacent
window J sprang forward and erappled Hast-
} ings as he leaped out. He ws lithe and wiry, |
veritable snake. Something slipped in |
pb and Twas left standing with a thick,
‘ard in omy hand I started to follow
r were thrown bout) me Viss
t seen as she afterward explaiged
eragonized confusion, mistook me for the in-
ind before T could speak it was tee
roan had escaped!
ere Was a strange, penetrating, stifling
“ re Colonel, as L entered
Understood a onus Lheard the stery
| It seer this faith
‘ ri tof prowling around
Pniueht, es Liste nd the like
| 1 that from her little wn |
" st ver Mrs. Paynter
r ne aA sponge Mupated with some Yat
| ¢ ofad ! ro a noon hery tril
" ti ns ' ' did not show eve. |
| neotly what tl rbinatior ist have heen. |
{ bot it did st v that its effeet wast \ ivie |
} titty the appeamrar of hay died of apoplesy, |
At all event poor Mr Payiter dend
\ sin God ne kt '
| Hiram Hawks arrived the next day, taking |
arwe of affair nd offering a large reward |
for the apprehension of Hastings And at the |
j end of the week, Colonel, who do you suppose |
Perame into the Coroner's | ring, where Miles
\ | hel and Mary Ellen, th vid, sat, all orape- |
enairt t youns Hiram the son 1 notices
\ t woonee as he came lightly uo the steps and
| ong the pla ite e parlor windows; as pre- |
ible a lad ell and all that you woul
rsee well made, not ver nd look- |
he short for the titienl |
| suit he wore and the t y he |
rolled ne. Thi t ly to
| him st ly head, and mn had }
hered | smooth, be } face ould
tell u iturally bonny and n nad
resnot ee to every er tier 1 fairly felt 4
1 e er ly forced his way throuch
| the spect to Miss Rachel's side; hut when
he bent low to whisper to her, with aturn ef the |
head and a relax f the neck that quivered
every nerve inime with sudden comprehensior
} sprang torward and grasped him by the she
loudly proclaiming that he was the tmiissi:
stimags: for i vst below the right «
had fi for the moment that six
ported=st ed wrinkle!
What, you don't mean eried the Colo-
ne

"Yes, Ido just mean,” replied Abe Cronkite,
“that it was voune Hiram Hawks and no one
else, who was the intruder, the probable mur-
derer, His father put up a stiff taht, but the
Coroner sided with me, and in the investigation
thatensued the truth came ont. Tt seemed that
early in the summer, Mrs. Paynter, having dis-
covered that young Hiram and Miss Rachel cor
responded and met in seeret, and having heard

v

Still, | She told the wirl so frankly, too, and the girl told
| her lover, and they two cone

 

! | destroy this will as a precaution no

 

like truth |

he was pulled hither and thither by con |

paasignate,
Perhaps se may have some
possible Ide&ls, poor thing, and yet have been

: the

character, sent for a local attorney and made a
will in which she eut off her granddaughter ab-
solutely in the event of her ever marrying him

wcted the scheme
that he should come to the Sanitarium in the
wiiske of a clergyman—he was famous at thes
atricals, remember win the old lady's contl-
dence as a new lover, and thus persuade her to
longer neces-
So much Miss Rachel tinally admitted
Waa there more? [ have sometimes thought
so, remembering her odious smile, At. all
events, young Hiram, fearing further delays
with thelr chances of discovery, and impatient
wasion, undoubtedly had planned and
attempted the poor old lady's death. bid he ac-
complish it? \ ell, the Jury gave him the bene=
fit of the doubt, but he received a long sentence
for burglariously entering with evil intent
Miss Rachel was so affected by shame and sor-
row, that she went into a decline, And old
Hiram, Colonel, he brought no more cases to
our private eoncern, Doubtless he acted in good
fuith, believing the story that Mary Ellen, the
maid, told him. but he never got over the fact
that he himself had started the action that sent
his only son to a felon's cell in the very fruition
of his hopes, and gave me the biggest reward |
ever Landed in my life.”

sury

through 7

THE UNDERTAKER'S START.

Philanthropy Toward Penniless Customers
That Pioved Profitable.

“If any of you men think that the people of
New York are slow to respond to individual
appeals for assistance,” said the undertaker,
“Il want you to disabuse your minds of the idea
at once, for it isn't so, During the first year
and a half I was in business in this town I lived
wholly off charity funds acquired in an indirect
So I guess IT ought to know what I'm

way
talking about.
It happened in this way. When I made

my first business venture in New York I set up
{n a ttle shop over on Third avenue, Some-
how things did not come my way. The death
list was all right. The friends of the deceased
persistently refused to take me into considera-
tion, | used to stand in my own doorway or
on the eorners of the streets leading down to
the ferries and wateh funeral after funeral
wo by with unknown undertakers in charge,
and then I'd goinside and look at my parapher-
nalia and wonder # my chance would come,

Things went on that way for about six
months. One Saturday morning my spirits
sank to the very lowest notch and I made up
my mind that | would bury somebody in the
course of the coming week if I had to steal my
While in this frame of mind I met
the man who lived on the floor above my shop
I had never spoken more than a dozen words
to the fellow, but that morning he stopped
me in the hall and addressed me with the famil-
arity of an old crony.

‘Hello,’ he said. ‘Have you been up to see
the lodger in the third-story rear room yet?’

‘'No,’ said 1 ‘IT didn’t know there was 4@
third-story rear room, much less a third-story-

subject

rear-room lodwer

“*Well,’ said my neighbor, ‘there is, If
you ain't been up there, you'd better go pretty
You won't have a chance much longer,
not?’ said I. ‘What’s the matter

s00n

r ‘Why
with him?’

“Dying,” returned my neighbor, concisely,
and passed on

“Now, | am not a cold-blooded man by na-
ture, but adversity had hardened me some-
what, and when I heard that report I made a
bee-line up the stairs for the third-story rear
room, The sick man was alone when I entered,
He was very low, but even that critical con-
dition did not inspire me with much hope, for
one look about the room assured me that even
if I did get a chance to officiate at the funeral
I would probably have to do it at my own ex-

pense. Sick as the old fellow waa he noticed
my furtive glances and smiled grimly,
rs he said, as if in answer to my un-

spoken thought, ‘I'm poor, pooras Job's tur-

key. You've come to a bad place to get busi-
ness. If I had any money to pay funeral ex-
nenses I'd give you the job. I'd rather you'd
have it than anybody else, considering we're
neighbors and you're in hard luck yourself.’
“Under this rebuke T felt heartily ashamed
of myself and took refuge in some weak plati-
tudes about a friendly visit, and so forth, But
the old man eut this drivel short ‘Don't
your breath in that kind of palaver,’ he

K

 

said. ‘IT know what you're here for. But I'm
penniless. I'll have to be buried in a pauper's
|} grave. Thad my rent pald up to the first of

next rnonth

in to last a

ind enough oatmeal and stuff laid
week or so, or I'd have been taken

 

 

to ¢t poorhouse before this. The district
doctor tends | ind does everything that
needs to be done, Tle says it'll all be over in a
day or two and then the city will take charge
of me. It's tough. IT hate it. T hate even to
think of it. Lo bave a herror of the Potter's
} t ! I mei lie here and cry at the
mere thonght of the shame of it all I can't
think T was meant for that. But there's noth-
ing else in sieht I've outlived my time, and
when folks get as old as 1am, and have seen
all their friends pass away before them, there's
nothing left but a city grave.’

Sharp and querulous though the old man's
tones were, there was something very touch-

 

r
ing in hislarment, and I want it understood that
my hext suggestion was made in his interest

} instead of my own,

‘But why do vou give up so readily to oc-
cupy a pauper's grave?’ Tasked. ‘Surely there
are rich people in this town who would will-
ingly spare the mnoney to save a worthy old
gentleman such degradation.’

“The man's face lighted with sudden hope
and he said) ‘Mebbe so, But how're you
going to find then?’

Advertise,’ said I

“He shook his head dubiously. ‘'T wouldn't
do any good,’ he said. ‘Anyhow T haven't the
money.’

‘T pondered awhile, then
said,
the advertisement
loss will be mine.

The old man consented to this arrangement
and I went away to write up my advertise-
ment. I don't remember now how | worded
it, but I do know | made out a most pathetic
appeal and had it placed In a conspicuous post-
tion in a Sunday paper. On Sunday afternoon
my friend received a response to the notice,
Another old gentleman who had been in pov-
erty's grasp himself for many vears, but had
finally come into the possession of some money,
offered to succor my neighbor and save him
from the fate which he had so long dreaded for
himself The old chap died the following day,
and TP, of course, took charge of the funeral,
His benefactor was liberality itself. 1) had
carte blanche in the matter of expenditure and I
gave the indigent old gentleman a burial
that would have done his heart) good eould

‘If you say so,’ I
L will take the responsibility and pay for
If nothing comes of it the

 

he have been conscious of the honor shown
him. t don't remember what my own profit
was, but | do know that it more than covered

the cost of the advertisement

‘That one incident opened up a new fleld
which | cultivated for more than a year, T
eannot say that | really hunted up penniless
old folk stricken with mortal iliness, but some-
how [ seemed to find them without much
trouble. | advertised for burial money for all
these people, and, what's more, I always got It
After a year spent in this kind of philanthropie
work, orders began to come in to me through

tural ehannels and T finally abandoned my
charity enterprise. But T doubt not that peo-
ple are as warm-hearted now as they were then,
and if Tshould lose my trade to-morrow, I feel

sure T could still secure plenty of business
through my former method.”
May Ke the Famous Belled Bazzard,
From the Richmond Timea.

Mr. RC MeAllister of Fort Gaines, Ga, a
few days since captured a “beiled’’ buzzard
and advertised the factin the newspaper. Tha
men whe belled the buzzard have been found
In Athens, and the story as told by them is quite
interesting

In isda, thirty-seven vears ago, a company of
Bohols Licht Artillery, from Oglethorpe county,
waslocated at Camp Leon, a few miles from
Tallahassee, Fin’ Buzzards were plentiful, and
one day several members of the company, in-
cluding Messrs Smith and Davis, set a “sap-
ling trap’ for the birds, using a tempting bait
of sporied meat Ere long a tig buzzard was
jerked up, ‘Themen had no wish to kill him

' andit was decided to puta bellon him and let
| him go

[his was done, anda bronze bell, answering

j almost exactly the description given by Mr
McAllister, was tied to the bird's neck A
leather collar was used and some date was cut
on the collar

Pindarance of Japanese Miners,
rom the Chicago Record

Four Japanese miners were entombed for
twelve days the Matsuvasu colliery lately
They did without food all the time, and for

most of the tline without light, and were none

worse When dug out. One of the men said
that for some time after the oil was exhausted

they felt a bit low spirited, but that ina few
} days they became aconstomed to the darkness
and were able to get along pretty well, The in
cident exhibits in astriking manner the powers

) | of endurance p sessed by the little Jap

Hair-Trigger Langaage.
db rom the Chicago Post.
“So you finally proposed,” said his ehum.
“Well, to tell the truth,” returned the thoughtful
youth, "Treally didn't know that [ Proposed, but she
accepted me, so I Cues* that settles it, | tell you this

reports still more derogatory to the y cung man’s | language of ours is not to be used lightly,”

MURDER HIDDEN BY FIRE,

 

AN EPISODE OF THE BURNING OF
THE PLANTERS HOTEL,

While the Flames Kaged Five Gamblers Sat
Grimly inan Upper Room to Playa Big
Hand Oat—Pistols Drawn When the Hands
Were Shown-—Survivor Tells the Story,

“A great many stories have been told of ex-
citing incidents at the burning of the Planters
Hotel in St. Louis,’ said Sam Harvey, the old-
time Mississippi River traveller, who was in
New York afew days ago looking after busi-
ness interests which became large enough to
enable him to retire, some years ago. “But
none of the little party 1 was in that night,”
he continued, “really cared about telling our
experience after we learned how tragical the
fire really was, and I don’t suppose this par-
ticular story has ever been told"

Harvey was one of four veteran sports who
sat in a back room uptown sipping their
whiskey and water, and smoking cigars as they
talked over the adventures of their earlier
days. The talk had drifted around to reminis-
cences of the poker table, as it often does, and
after two or three stirring tales, Harvey men-
thoned the famous fire

“There were five of us playing poker that
night,” he said, “in a room on the fourth floor
of the hotel, where we had met by appoint-
ment, forthe game had been arranged three
weeks ahead, and was to be a fight to the finish,
with more or less bad blood between two of the
players, ‘This feeling which we all knew was
liable to break out ina fight, was a bitterness of
long standing, which had been intensified by
the circumstances of a game in which we had
all played three weeks before on one of the
river packets between Memphis and Natchez
Card playing on the river, even then, Was not
whatithad been, for the scandal of the great
games and of the occasional tragedies that tol-
lowed them had made many of the steambout
captains careful Still there was considerable
playing and occasionally a stiff game, and one
of these was the one L spoke of

“T had gone down the river with Charlie
Upton, who was aspeeulatorin almost anything,
from a cotton crop to a monkey flush, but who
was nevera professional, There was on the
same boat, however, one of the regular old-
time river gamblers, Harris by name,
followed no other industry but eard playing,
and spent most of his time onthe boats. I
played, then, as often as Thad time and oppor-
tunity, and we had one or two sittings before
we got to Memphis, with two fellow travellers
whose names I don't remember, but there had
been no heavy play, At Memphis thesetwogot
off and Maurice Jennings and Pegles Hopkins
goton the boat. Jennings was a Mississippi
planter, whom Lknew very well He had just
sold some property in Memphis, as [learned af-
terward, and had considerable money with him,
Hopkins was a gambler whom I had never seen
before IT had heard often enough about him
asa nervy playver,who was not above suspicion,
though he had never, so far as I know, heen
Caught in any crooked play, For that matter
there wasn't a professional on the river who
waa above suspicion, so hestood about at par
inthe fraternity. He had followed Jennings,
probably on account of Jennings having the
roll with him, forthe gamblers keep track of
such things, and Jennings was known as a
heavy player from Memphis to New Orleans
Hopkins’s nickname comes from his being a leg
shy. They said he lostit inthe Mexican War,
and I suppose likely it was so

“Harris and Hopkins, as I learned afterward,
had had trouble some time before about a girl
who played fast and loose with both of them
until they had threatened to shoot each other
atsight. Before there had been any shooting
done, however, she had gone down the river
with a third man, and I suppose neither of them
cared to fight over a woman that neither one
could get. There was sufficient hatred between
them, however, to keep them from playing into
each other's hands at poker, which was proba.
bly a good thing for the rest of us, though T
doubt if any one of us would have stayed out of
the game that followed, even if we had suspect.

who

 

edthem We were all brash enough to take
our chances with any players on the river, and |
if | dosay it, were all good players How do J
know they didn’t stand in? Well, perhaps I
don't know it, but LT don’t think they did, and
the subsequent proceedings seemed to indicate |
that they didn't Jennings naturally ed
me when he came on board, and as Hopkins
really had an acquaintance with him, it was not
ktrange that we five sat down together that
night. Neither was it surprising that there

were cards and chips on the table

“That game lasted all night, and the elimax
came justas the miggers came into tl * Tn
saloon, Where we sat, to prepare the tables for

breakfast. We made the play for money in
sight table stakes, they eall it nowadays -and
each man had flashed a thousand at the start
I dropped the last of mine about midnight and
showed another which la ted me through, andT

quit only five hundred loser, Upton won about
two thousand. He was lucky at most things
but he wasn't in the big flghts of that game and
his profits were small compared with the
which Harris made. Hopkins dropped all he
had, which was about five thousand, and Harris
won over twenty thousand, leaving Jennings
the bie loser with a sixteen-thonsand-do.ar
hole in his exchequer, It was this and the
manner of the play which had fntensitted the
hatred between the two gamblers. Hopkins
had followed Jennings in the hope of getting
away with his money, and to see another game
bler win it and to drop his own capital also in
the struggle, was enough to sour any man
It was evident, too, that Harrie had done all he
could to weaken Hopkine's play by avgravating
remarks. Hopkins was a peppery tellow, and
once oF twice | thought he would break out,
and perhaps shoot, but he held himself in hand
though the gleam of his eyes told that he was
angry, which was what Harris wanted. He
said nothing, however, even when Harris, who
sat on his left, ostentatiously counted the ecards
twice, after Honkins had dealt. Of course, it is

any player's right to count the cards asoften as
he tikes, but the way it was done showed that
Harris waa trying to insinuate a doubt as to
whether Hopkins was holding out. It was a
square game, though, and no phenomenal
hands were shown = Jennings was perfectly
satisfied that his loss was the result of bad

 

luck, and so were Uptonand I, What the two
gamblers thought, of course LT don't know, but
there was nothing said to the contrary, and
when Jennings and Hopkins wot offat Natchey
{t was withthe understanding that we should
meet at St. Louis later, as we did, for another
set-to

“Naturally, we were all prepared for heavy
psy when we did meet, and it was perhaps to
ve expected, considering the character of the
varty that weshould play for over twenty-four
iours before the game was broken up as {it was
There was a sideboard {fn the room and a cap-
able darky in attendance, who saw to all we
wanted, and there's no telling how long we
would have continued to play if the climax
hadn't come We played as before for table
stakes, and as before each man showed a thou-
sand dollars at the start. It was more than
an hour, too, before there was any more money
in view, for though we used ten-dollar gold
pieces for chips, and no jackpot was opened for
ess than fifty dollars, the play was remarkabls
evenforalong time It was win and lose all
round, andevery man played as caretully 1
his life depended on each deal. We were there
for blood, and we knew that we were up against
a stiff bpppaatiior It wouldn't do to make
breaks. Harris and Hopkins made no seeret of
theirenmity, whieh we all understood by
time, put they were strictly observant of the
etiquette of @ game, and though we knew
that a collision might come at any time, we
knew also that neither one would break out till

  

he was ready te quit They were there on
business that no personal feeling would be al-
lowed to interfere wit!

“Upton was the first to open his wallet He

played a flush against a full that Jennings
caught on a three-card draw, and his perfect!

natural confidence betrayed bing Jennings
himself was badivtbeaten on another full soon |
after, and he produced his rollin turn. We all
followed exeept Hopkins, and the play got

heavier right along until there was twenty-odd

  

   

 

thousand on the table, and it was fifty to plas
each time Such a game as that likely to

thank, and ifany one of us had grown

ss he would have gone the smash in short
order, but the longer we played the close rowe
watehed one another, and ff any bluffing was
done, the bluffer was not caught. ‘The eards
ran small, too Tt was net often that two extra
good hands were out together, and plaving to
the real value of the cards as we did mostly, we
all kept alive for an astonishing time. 1. for

one, Was beginning to feel the strain so muel
that was thinking of drawing out, when the
end came

“There was a jackpot, andthe ceal had gone
around twice before it was opened, so that
there was over five hundred in the pot when J
eaumht kings It wasn'ta strong enough hand
for me to Want competitors, sa T opened tt for
five hundred, Tomy disgust Jennings
and Hopkins alleame in and Hopkins boosted
it five hundred, [stayed with reluctance, Jen-
nings dropped out, witha pair of nines, as he
afterward told me, and Harris made’ good
leaving us three in the struggle Upton was
dealing. I drew to the strength of my hand
Harris took one and Hopkins stood pat) It was
a hard proposition. TLlooked at my draw and
seeing pes tise nings orew in one ehip.

arris, knowing that Hopkins would raise
also chinped. Hopkins pushed out @ chip aad

this |

 

 

Harris |

 

eK Ne

 

The spring cleaning is a recognition of the fact that dust and dirt accumulate
in the house during the long winter months. The house appears to be clean.
There is no dirt visible. But the housewife knows that lack of air and sunlight
in closed rooms means an accumulation of dust and dirt. She knows more than
this: She knows that the presence of such accumulations offers a harborage
to disease germs.

The body is a house. Through the long winter months it is closely shut in by
heavy clothing. It lacks sunlight and fresh air. It is weakened by living in an
overheated and foul atmosphere. It accumulates a certain clogging refuse from
the heavy foods necessary to winter warmth. For this reason the ro needs its
own spring cleaning. The languor and weariness, the tired and “ played-out”
feelings which are so commonly associated with the spring season are the evi-
dences of a sluggish and impure condition of the blood. More than all else, this
impure condition of the blood offers a prepared breeding ground for disease, and
greatly increases the liability to serious maladies.

Everybody recognizes the need of a blood cleansing remedy in the spring.
The mistake made by many people is to use some alcoholic medicine, which over-
comes that “tired feeling” simply by keeping the body stimulated. These so
called medicines are of no real benefit, and do not cleanse the blood.

The first thing to be noted of Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery is that it
contains no alcohol, neither opium, cocaine, nor any other narcotic. The results
that follow its use are real and permanent, not the superficial results of stimula-
tion. It entirely eliminates from the blood the poisons which feed and breed dis-
ease. The result is that it cures eruptions, pimples, blotches, scrofula, salt rheum,
rheumatism, and other forms of disease which originate in impure blood.

The tonic effect of “Golden Medical Discovery” is remarkable. It not only
cleanses the blood of impurities, but it enriches it, and increases its flow b
increasing the activity of the blood-making glands. There is a great deal of ta
about “ blood-making medicines.” But it is only talk. No medicine can make a
drop of blood. Blood is made from food, after it has been properly digested and
assimilated. “The blood is the life,” but if the body is not fed the life current
fails. The blood is life only while the body is properly fed and nourished. It is
the recognition of these fundamental physiological facts in the preparation of
“Golden Medical Discovery” to which may be attributed in no small degree its
wide range of remarkable cures. The blood supply is reduced and its quality
impaired whenever there is disease of the stomach and its associated organs of
digestion and nutrition. By curing diseases of the stomach and other organs of
diestion and nutrition, “Golden Medical Discovery ” enables the perfect digestion
and assimilation of food which is converted into nutrition, and in the form of
pare blood strengthens every organ of the body. It makes new blood and new
ood is new life.

New Blood and New Lifo.

“T mast ayain send a few lines to you
to let you know how [ ain getting along
since taking the wondered medicine
which cured me two years ago,” writes
Miss Bertha Hbeler, of 1416 Benton St., | not walk at times, nor wear my shoes,
St. Lonis, Mo. "I still continue in | Thought there was no help for me—at
very good health, and think there is | least the doctor said there was none. I
not a better medicme on earth than | went to see friemds at Christmas time

Eczema from Head to Foot.

“I was troubled with eczema from
the crown of my head to the soles of
my feet,” writes Mrs. Ella Quick. of
Cass City, Tuscola Co., Mich, "Contd

Bad Blood Purlfied.
"I feel it my duty to write to yon of
| the wonderful curative powers of your
‘Golden Medical Discovery,’” writes
George S. Henderson, Esq., of Denaud,
Lee Co., Florida, "I had a sore on
my right ear, and my blood was badly
out of order, I tried local doctors, but

 

} bets 0 | with no good results, Finally, I wrote
Dr, cre 8 Gowen Mautenl Discovery. jand there heard of the good that Dr. you the particulars in my ones and you
“It is the best thing for nervousness, | Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery advised your ‘Golden Medical Discov-

 

and for a weak, run-down condition,
that anybody could want. I was ver
nervous and weak last summer,

j had done, and was advised to try it at
once,

Itook ; "I had been i worse all the

ery,’ which I began to take. From the
first bottle I began to feel better, and
when I had taken eight bottles the sore

five bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med- }time. I took thisteen bottles f
~~ ier ; time. s of the | had healed up. I wish you success,”
like sae ee made me feel | Golden Medical Di * and ten| Mrs, Ella Schall, of Whitehaven,

I It gives a person
new life and new end” I ak une
work all day long without feelin

vials of Dr. Plerce’s Pleasant Pellets, | Lazerne Co., Pa., writes: "Dr. Pierce’
wed aon the -— re wares | Golden Medical Discovery cured me it
re all de ade a complete cure, It was slow, but | one month, sound and well. Y P
a = In fact, I feel like a sure, I was taking the medicines about | member my one nn obensse ft the

-w person, eight months,” | breast, We had spent lots of money.”

nc eset ect chases ctcatatidiatien ill
TWEN TY-ONE CENTS, In one-cent stamps, will pay expense of

‘ malling Dr. Plerce’s Common Sense Med-
cal Adviser, 1008 large pages, paper covers. The stamps cover the expense of
mailing ONLY. The book Is a gift.

Address : Dr. R. V. PIEROE, Buffalo, N. Y.

————$—$—$——— LS se enessssssssesessnenssensesssnssessassl)

 

 

 

           

  

     

     

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a five hundred dollar note, and just then some- T . #F os
Boy te the hoe teres Tee athe. PRAGRANT ADV, FROM THE FOREST | Point, Grand Rapids,Centralia and hagle Kiser
whereshe Was yelled ‘Fire! ae heretofore obscure geographical px ae
‘None of us moved, but the darky bolted for How Northern Wisconsin Reminded Milwaa- Where Up In the Woods,” but just where never
the door and disappeared We never saw hin kee Folk of Its Charms, Siena ae Aaa abe A Ftus
again) Eskimmed my ha war ti ke sure . . “ . Se ene. RaROClAtot meant i 1
that it aa ane li mee A : ul ‘4 os MILWAUCKEK, May 10, Arbutus Day” has | Day" to do, though the dangers only telked
‘ ' ‘ d ! io a irew ¥ ) » \ ; {
Harris studied his hand, or pretended to, fora proved such an all round suceess, viewed either one nf Rg ag A og t
little, and then a d five hundred. Tlopkins | from the aesthetic or the practical standpoint tha den ein eee ae SUED ee
came back at him with at ‘ nore ( ; { , ices af t |
came be 4 im vith a ' idm re an 1 that it is likely to become a permanent annual Phe - ices of the rmers, the school chil
raised it a thousand after a littl: more has i... | festival in Wisconsin -a sort of Western May | Gren and the won nh were enlisted it ry ine
tion a vd | I pein ‘ ime by ok a hin ee nie Day with a prosaic modern comment ial aspect j kive the use of their tea i
house and we could hear ui ute na enna fe disguised under gefiuine old-fash Carry Ines parties af ¢ { ' he
from the street also, but none tirred, Y | 1° 1 sentiment For a week the town has | %oods and in ! i order
fusion felt, uneasy, and thought t been fullof the delicious fragrance of trailing sale & aentiny ag Se Per ay
self that Too was a fool to t t rhutu Ordinaril } 1 ! we ae hat a i.
a et ee, 8 pd ol lag + arbutus rdinarily, the flower is diMeult to | The sehools had a lida 1 r4
and 1 was determined to see the ha d pla obtain here, Florists get only small ship- J} tle Fratton of itldene t
She “ ee ee Jenn nes bo hold me | ay | ments, w hie h are speedily disposed of, and ther i cine ( t a = ; - ' ‘
f ‘ nid tl enine t rhye ‘ ‘ a , .
ener eee inl Bele ty Unless he" has an accommodating friend up | in mos r shit ' I da
Mion ais aGvne niin kt es eps | the woods to send him a box of the pink | @ #eneral pienic « PRION. Lor Wie JOM
wan ote firs ee nae en ind white blossoms, the lover of arbutus must ea tke to the rons il Phe raile } :
: - fk’ ap ; a } ) lee 1 er te iwan jie
a ir My Ge nM ' per eeern he content himself with the scantiest of supplies, | In the city the news: ‘Der tie vere. ?
Siveihedeen Gul ee oud Bhd we | But this week, while no one person, perhaps, | We distributing cents Phe cot
mat It would only take a moment more,twe | bas had an unusually large quantity, thousand ar HAG pa of OE
thought, to settle the hand , f \\ - ; iinet ing, a
eae Sting ate a , nei Acie f Milwaukee people have gone about with Last Sunday morning the t
Henk tire OU L JACK | gy
fullon sevens, Oneott evens was a 1) | SP Rigs of the forest flower pinned to their coats enh, ; aes ; eae
Rabson, Swed Sn sah Harris | of their dresses, very one wore arbutts, {film Wien qi! Feb ttee
peace eee ”s | wis ne | The sick in the hospitals and the Wiched in | tobewit
like movement, seized the deck hrowing it | Ure! ere helped physically and morally ! town sont fist :
: 4 ' . ower ' -
on the table f ceup, sprend the eards wit i | by its message of hope and good cheer and with the flowe Gi it 1 | d | ‘
kweepoftthe hand and picked out a seven of 1 Pi re te neo ; \-
clul HT hoof |) Sunday sermons were preached more eloquently | put their bou jet nt quar vt 7
“You held out that seven,’ he said wii av heontine the nearness of a cluster of the | Opes Which held ie eaurds read
far ‘act a fort ! ¥ h hi his rht hand | flower, Everywhere you smelled its fresh frag
"Haptin Was eve? her th 4 Aegd 8 | rance, everywhere you caught a glint of its vl ed
was out first, andas ne lifted his he ‘te pink and white prettiness and for several days In Won t
oe xe ree ui tart dior H hen, pocketing " Hudest of eities, popularly supposed to By ere or the he
Itwas hich time to go. I ay om Was | wave no soul above its lager beer, went arbutus P Wisconsin River
already filling int Jennings and ri id. And ho one paid a cent for all this for Thee F r wt rela
‘ bir ' y en Ita
po h pee, Lthotion te se ' murderer, bur | the arbutus came to town as the gift of the | to
ye TH had his revolver inthis hand and as he | pegple of northern Wisconsin The City of Grand Rapids
raised it we beth realized thar there Was no | r 5 7 j ForM Tran tand ne er
tir ron scuttte had turned te Hen e idea ot Arbutus Day originated in | In the Prese Mor im tive | j
kins and found that he wa dead, or at | the tnindot Lester Kose, secretary of the Nort} gt dy
lea the A med to bw 1 tos ; ern Wisconsin Advancement Assoc lation, a | \t
\ i j » lowe ut for ourselyes rit ’ , E ‘
anid Jennings, and well rushed con Pattee ng recs ortanization having branches in almost } fier \ 4
rigors, ‘ vh id ge rs Ire , ; every northern Wisconsin town and having for | nee BAD Bes
tus: pe i wot ~ I hs - rave te on- its purpose the promotion of the interests of |
j and falling downst then o WW tal. that locality other than those of its woods Phe greatest enthusiasm pres |
and ftr It oyu from a window somes | There ‘ine Water power to be developed in f . aan os a a
where roke my lew and fatne Hye me ’ . Seine Magee ee te
toina hospital When dent moe ana tee n eat Seem. meron SF at ee werine to peu Rome ny DOU ns
hana Abana toxee me the told The ‘that be inearthed, embryo farms only needing | bY the Wives of nvllionaire | horns
Harris's body had been identified, and that no & be Tid of stumps and tree roots, and suiine we a on oe Fh Se OUR G2
money had been found in the ialf- er ¥ os) 1Oss! f oe Dee toueee Hb Fear One
mene? ee aunt DURG: he I alt burns 1 mer resort possibilities of great promise, The | models of convenience and benuty
i atstill hung to him Whether the thing is to make all tt one ;
Eis ed Geen batch arses ern ine ae pane! A wd = oe Kh tne and served) parks, trout pends, msers ot
; ' ; ’ D the advance-— ¢ ‘ve rate w tracks '
there was no telling Neithereouldany of ment asociations of wee as era ot Teen ee a

the various towns °
wrestling. Most of the people who wore po
tus did not know the reason hack of its giving.

| but there was probably no one who escaped

| bearing the names of Tomahawk, Mosinee,
4&hinelander, Wausau, i ua, Stevens

hecome of those bomes when the luniber
dustry dies out in Wiseonsin is a probl
In the meantime the men who made their fore
tunes in lumber are willing to spead a fair
proportion of them in establishing new sources

of revenue in what was the lumbering *

us decide whether Harris had held outa card,

or whether Hopkins had himself had the

Guplicate orn eee As both men were
ead we cpncluded it was not worth

tell the stoty.” Te

wn to