= -

a a eae eee

 

  

 

 

1

—

om ; ; hi .

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

  

  

 

 

  

——

THE DEAD HIS SPECIALTY.

LINE IN WHICH ONE PHOTOGRAPHER
FINDS PROFIT.

Reasons Why People Want Pictures of T
ad Some Dificaltles of the Business
agedy of a Mother and Child-A Pho-
tographic Failure Not Yet Explained,

The photographer took a four-by-alx picture
up with an air of

  

SS

LANK JACKSON OF ARIZONA, I roy, better known as Brick Pomeroy, went

to Nevada from Chicago solely to learn how

gold was to be made from. silver and no less
a person than Prof. A.B Wheeler of the Uni-
A COL, SELLERS OF THE PACIFIC
WHO HAS JUST DIED POOR,

hardly noticeable, but the woman was highly
sensitive and could never be induced to #it for
a photograph. Her children, however, failed
to appreciate her scruples. The love they bore
her blinded them to facial Imperfections, and
they frequently urged her to be photographed
But the poor woman always received) such
proposals with positive alarn, and declared
that if anyvbody,ever tried to get even a snapshot
of her face sh® hoped Providence would kindly
drop a mask over her distorted features anid
thus prevent their reproduction .
“About two years ago this woman died ‘The
children mourned her deeply and being desir
ous of obtaining ber pleture they disrewarded
her frequently expressed horror Of & catnera
and sent for me. - photographed the corpse
tin several positions selectec
went away flattering myself that I wae going to

 

versity of Michigan went across the conti-
nent to see the experiments of the German
chemist in the employ of Col Jackson
| One day when Col. Jackson had almost fine
ished his pluns for going to burope to interest |
Comstock and Frittered It Away on Large, | the Holland owners of Comstock mining stocks |
Visionary Projects for the Development of | in his new process, one of the German chetiists |

: 7 . " | got drunk and told how be and his partner had |
the Southwest— A Picturesque Figure Gone, | been conducting fraudulent assays and ex.
Los ANGELES, Cal, May 7

lank Jackson, | periments for months, while Col Jackson had
who died in poverty last week at the home of | paid the bills and all salaries. [tis said that | from the ease and held it
afriend at Needles, Cal, wa. one of the strankest |

| after Jackson found that he had been swine
characters that ever fitted across the horizon

 

 

=

 

He Made a Fortane in the Karly Days of the

  

pride

, 1v ferred to the subject) again. ty
dled he never referred. to What do you think of this?" he asked

All but a few thousand dollars of his fortune of

 

 

 

y y gone Ww ’ . ow k ne
of the Southwest, He was dim Jackson of upward of $200,000 was Tow a - Sate } The visitor drew back with a Irlghten, d get particularly fine results was never so
Virginia City, Nev until 1875 Then he weexe pa ie Virginia City: ane | little seream and clapped ber hands over her | carety dis ipointed in any work oH } was in
i ' , yack again. rae those proofs. ‘Try as PE miught TP could get but
moved to Prescott, Ariz He had growa He lived in Los Angeles for about a year in | lace - “Tak t | Dia alte ot nn bared uvabow up The left cheek
thinner and much older, So he was thereafter } 1874 ag epngeses ae - ; ol . "Oh, good gracious sho - ' Ta nd is and eve and side of the nose were perfectly de-
i vineyard of thourands oF aene eof hundreds yay sap’t Bear to look atit. It's horrible: veloped cane le picture the righ!
if Jacks f Arizona and hs a lam an . away. Leng’t Bear veloped, put in every sing «
known as Lak Jackson of Arizo pagne factory baving @ capacity of hund “you are hyper- [side of the face was'a total blank, J was un

che photographer smiled
sepsitive,” he said. “Why, thia is one of the
best pictures | ever took-of the kind. Of
course, You can't expect a dead person to look }
quite so animated and chipper as a live one.”
‘The visitor lowered her hands a trifle and
weped at the picture between her fingers
“is that what is the matter
1 thought

of bottles daily. He spent weeks in geting

an option on land for his vineyards, nud t vat able to make head or tail of

fect) and ino my perplexity To went down to
Bridgeport to consult the family about. finish.
ing off the picture. When Lshowed the children
the proofs they were thrown into a panic. The
girls became hysterical and the boys grew pale

“Tt was mother's wish, said the eldest son, at
length, seriously. ‘She always said that if any -
body ever attempted to photogra h her she
hoped the right side of her face would be mer-
cifully veiled. Providence was kind The
mask was provided even in death *

“LT didn't say much abou! the matter then and
T haven't said much since. but T have done a
heap of thinking. There may be some natural
| explanation of the phenomenon, but [have not
found out what it is and until Tdo wel Tl
have to adhere to the theory of the children,
that'sall

“Oh, yes Teould talk all day relating some of
my queer experiences, but Vive already told

adopted the name and sometimes registered
imself ’ f } t hotels in Chicago !
him elf in bold chirography at hote i i wer weoeks more in. planning the arrangement of
New York and other where he went lone factory, the bottling works and the chan-
to promote Southwestern money making pagne vaults. When he found that i would
> ; y capital in his
as “Old Lank Jackson of Anizoua ” impossible to interest any eapi
Sehomen, Ba os . , re 1 always stick | his scheme, he readily turned his attention to |
His personal appearance will always stick | aging Los Angeles a seaport town. He was
in the memory of every one who ever saw him | soon brimful of enthusiasm over his idea, and | f
during the last twenty years. He was 6 nia, enthusiasm was eee anagee me eve "Oh," she said
feet 4 inches tall, and he seldom weighed rich old Spanish landowners. \ a wi with it? ‘Was the sublect dead?
more than 150 pounds. He had particularly

to dig two parallel canals from Los Angeles to | .
San Pedro, a distance of twenty-four miles, | it looked mighty funny
long arms and a long thin neck, His eyes were | and then to seeop outa bay in a low valley on | ‘The man laughed. “Yes,” he said, “a great
deep set and he had an arched, thin nose He | the northwestern edge of Los Angeles for a

harbor. The water from the ocean was to flow | inany of the people I photegraph are dead
was entirely bald on the top of his head, and | through one canal to the artificial bay and then Indeed, T may say that corpses are my spe-
the white hair from the sides and back hung | out again to the ovean by the other canal | eiaity, Most photographers have seme par-
There were to be stone docks, and wharyes for | ; : ;
dowg in rings over his ears and about his neek ticular line of work in which they excel ne
He always wore a buckskin waistcoat: with

cities,

 

 

passenger steamers and merehandise Tt was |
| all figured out that although the eanals and the | gets in his most artistic touches on theatrical

A f r | r ’ “s i 7 the in- ‘ Kate : lird

the deer’s hair on the inside, Huge white bay would cost not less thin $7,000,000, eonle, another prefers society folk, a thire oF exp {
a he chia? in and | tereston the bonds would be paid by the | peor 1 7 alate ail | ‘ nough ? let you know that the life of @ photog

bone buttons that a Comanche ehlel made ANG | Oe ay steamship companies and hy the rail- | makes children bis strong point, wht rapher of corpses is not devoid of interest

gave him forty years ago, were invariably | akes to animals. My tromp ecard -_--—-----

road companies. Ln the midst of the rere another

and discussion of the wonderful projeet Col | } . ay stographers take
gackson disappeared. ‘Then it came out that | the dead body All phe ~—" . bi -
he had gone to Washington to sound a few dead face now and then, but Vil venture to

members of Congress on the chances of getting | assert that I do more mortuary work than all

aid from Congress. No one knows what Col | gia other artists in New York put together

Jackson heard in’ Washington, for he never |), ;
raturned to renew hix advocacy of the Los | I’ve built up my reputation on that line. Mest

Angeles seaport proposition. : } families tind me out and come to me direct t
From that tme until his ~~ MWe on ane j when requiring my services in a funeral ense, [attention of people who happened to be on
confined himself to Arizona and eee eva for | and so nearly have t preempted the fleld that, | the streets Wednesday afternoon was drawn

every vear he had a half dozen new ideas for a party of , ny
making millions of dollars for himself and all | should people chance to go to a brother artist | to a party of three worn and weary hunters
who rode into town accompanied by eight

assisting investors. He never converted any | for advice he will. nine tines out of ten, turn
foxhounds that seemed to be well fageed

money given to further his schemes to his |

own nse. He risked his life and sacrifleed his | them over to me as being the most Competent

ease and comfort numberless times in his ef- | post-mortem photographer in the town out, and, like their masters, appeared to have

SE ante tie gas ate aohey pate ” “You would be surprised to know how many | Seen some very hard service the last day or

iroiects toward wholesale money maxing. people wish to have their triends and relatives |S? But what seemed to interest the people
Most Was an immense bear pelt of the silver tip
family The hunters were A. 8S. Baxter,

The greatest: project that engaged Col Jack- ‘
photographed after death. There are vari-
who is known all over this part of the State as

REAR AND poOGS IN A FIGHT,

A Monster Silver Tip That Killed Two
Hounds Before He Was Finished,
From the Denver Times.
GLeswoop Springs, Col, April 28 ~ The

worn on the waistcoat, He usually wore a
short, bob-tailed corduroy coat when he was
fn Arizona. but when he went to interview
capitalists he wore a long shiny coat, a cross
between a frock and a cutaway, It was made
for him in Sacramento in 1862, so he used to
boast, and it had been praised by Gen. Grant and
later by the Marquis of Lorne. He always wore
asombreroof fine white texture witha stamped
leather band about the erown. He wore olds
fashioned choker scarfs, But he was as cares
less about his shirt front as he was fastidious
about his sombreros and neckwear. Once
when he went to San Francisco to see millionaire | 1
Mayor Sutro about a mining investment, he
wore ared flannel shirt beneath all his fluery
He used to wear a white shirt sometimes until

son in his latter days was a plan to dam the
ons reasons for this. ‘The most general exe

water of the Rio Colorado at a point name
forty miles above Yura, so as to aecomplish
i planation is that the deceased had never sat

scheme

 

the most enormous irrigation on on ,
{ts front was sombre with tobacco juice and | pacord Tt waa fleured that by this means | for a photograph in life. But there are many an ideal guide and hunter of the western slope
dirt, Onea he wore an immense diamond | at least 100,000 acres of worthless, parched | other reasons advanced. Only last week 1] The other hunters were Charles Baxter and

land, known as the Colorado desert, would
he made valuable. It was reckoned that the | went to a house over on Columbus avenue

land conld be bovght ig ne eee }to photograph a young man who had died
at 60 cents an acre, and that with irrigation ftae a long ont “ .
it would sell for $40 an acre. Col. Jackson | &fter a long and severe illness. His face, so
went so far as to have a board of direcfors his mother assured me, had been drawn and
for the Colorado and Mohave rang ane teres pinched almost beyond recognition for three
tion Company: but nothing came of his plans eake aaa + : re \
weeks preceding his death, but just as the last | jor this Mr. Baxter refused an offer of $150.
breath lett his body the features relaxed and | An impression of the paws of the animal was

Another scheme on which Col Jackson
the eountenance took on an expression of taken in plaster of paris at the taxidermy es-

worked long and hard was the establishment
of an American Monte Carlo near the quaint
( peace and repose that was reagjly beautiful tablishment and is quite a curtosity. The iront

John Halford
When the hide was bung up it was found to
be 9 feet 6 inches across from front paw
to front paw. and & feet 6 Inches in length
The bear balanced the seale at #18 pounds
| and the hide alone weighed seventy-five pounds

ring, the stone weighing some twelve karats, but
growing poverty took that jewel a dozen years
ngo. For some years he almost always carried
an unloaded old-fashioned Colt’s pistol in a
leather holster at his side, No one ever knew
him to draw the weapon from the holster, [t
fs doubtful if so mild-mannered a man ever
thought he had oerasion to use a firearm, He
went to see Dr. William Seward Webb when

 

 

Mexican pyeblo of Nor les, just over/ the

  

the latter was out here on a special train with | Arizona and Mexican boundary, in Sohora, | | paw measures if inches in) length by 6
the Vanderbilt party in 1890 regarding capital Mexico, Several men contributed $1,500 and | ‘The mother was a devout believer in the Chriss | inehes in width and the bind one ‘11t',

ae VERSO OS pe i areing capital | gone to the project Jackson had an architect | tian religion and she nnquestionably accepted | 1M: hes by 7 inches Mr. Baxter, whose
fora new plan to turn the waters of the Colorado | draw plans for big buildings of Moorish archi- thanaforination as evidence of fifteen years of experience as a hunter

this physical
a corresponding spiritual exaltation, Her hus
band on the other hand, was a confirmed un- |
believer. He was away from home at the time,
and vould not possibly get back before the in-
ferment, and the wornan wanted a pieture of

has brought to his notice animals of oil kinds,
size andquality, savs it is without a doubt the
largest bear ever killed in this part of the
country. He was un old yeteran of the moun-
tains and is atleast 15 years of age, possibly 20
The party of three, on horseback and with
| ten trained hounds and a pack horse, started

River onto the Colorado desert sands, Dr
Webb showed his dislike to having a strange
armed man come striding into his private car
and Lank Jackson always believed that the
his side hoodooed him that

hotels, A famons landscape gardener laid out
on paper a plan for the landseane features
The eompany was to have a paid-un capital
of $700,000 and a subseribed capital of $1,500,000
Several hindred dollars was spent in beauties
fully eolored prospectuses. Tt was reckoned

 

| tecture for the proposed gambling halls. and
|
|

useless pistol at

 

me. So he laid it aside, that with a aystem of parlor and sleeping ut last Sunday morning more to exercise the
He was a remarkably fluent talker. He] cars from New Orleans, St. Loms and San | the boy as he appeared then as proof that he | dopa and themselves after a winter's rest than
Francisco to Nogales. there would in time he | had found happiness beyond the grave. ‘He | with theexpectation of seeing bear.as they could

hardly be expected out of their winter heles
vet in the deep snows of the higher ranges
Ag the party travelled in a northwesterly di-
rection from this town on a gradual rise the
warm spring climate of the valley soon gave
place tothe cold and frost of the higher altitude

On the second dav out the party while travel-
ling down one of the tributaries of Piceance
Creek, which flows into the White River, and
passing through dense underbrush, in which it
was hard to see the trafl of any animal, the
hounds became alert and very tervous. Sud-

a constant stream of tourists, gambleg® and
sightseers tothe Monte Carlo of the Southwest

} Rut the Monte Carlo treasury suddenly ran
| dry one day in the summer of i886, and eredit-

looks so lovely,’ she sobbed, ‘that itll do my
heart good in years to come just to see that
| picture, and it may convince his father. He
ors seizéd alll the books, furn ture and pros: | must be taken’ This reason is frequently |
pectuses of the company And so another of ; ' ' |
Col. Jackson's projects to get golden. wealth | &!ven He looks so nice,” the mourners say. |
came to an end. But not a week passed before | ‘He certainly must be happy, or he wouldn't |
the ever cheerful promoter had another and | smile that way. I must have his picture. It
even more profitable and certain wan for the | wi contort me and banish my own doubts.’

enriching of investors and the development
of the Southwest ‘Photographing the dead is more prevalent

 

knew by heart whole scenes in Shakespearean
plays, and he could repeat almost all of Scott's |
“Lady of the Lake.” His general knowledge of
the sciences, arts and business methods of the
world was unusual, considering that he had lived
on the border of civilization from his youth till
middle age, He was particularly aptat mechan-
les, and for thirty years he read and pored over
all sorts of engineering schemes, New ideas

 

 

 

in civil engineering and especially hydraulics, . f t \ at domly, Bade, the leader of the pack, gay
absorbed him even in his old age and his pov- S among foreigners than Americans, ab the aon ade, re leader of t w pack, wave a
‘ ss TRE : an intone ry, which was instantly followed by Old Bill
CHOICE OF THE ATRE SEATS, poor are better customers than the rich, another valuable dog, andthe rest of the pack

erty, and he would sit up all night to tell how
he could apply new engineering ideas to the
development of some latent resoures among
the mountains, on the desert, on the rivers
and among the mineral flelds of the Southwest.

The luinters, who had passed over the tracks
Without seeing then, immediately turned back
and dismounted to investigate. By following
the dows, which were held in leash. they
came to ground more open, where the immetse
tracks and trail of the beast proclaimed hitn te

Among the very poor, however, the custotn
Pecollarities of Patrons as Viewed From the | |. regarded with superstitious horror, ‘To
Box-OMce Standpolnt, their minds it is a desecration to confront the

“Funny thing, how one learns to know patrons | departed friend with a camera. Fully two-
of the house and can hand over their favorite | titrdsofmy sublects arechildren, [much prefer

 

MAY 13, 1900.

—— =

a

—

| MR. BACKUS'S PRISON WORK.

|

by the family and |

 

HIS) PIAN OF REFORMING BoYs
WHO HAVE GoT INTO JALL.

A Former St. Lawrence Coenty Sheriff Who
Is Carrying Oat tn Brooklya s Idea of
Making Friends With the Unfortunate He
Paye the Cost Himself -Many Lads Set
Straight Again by Him How He Works,
I the old criminal can send & message to

ihe young eriminal over In Raymond Street

Jatin Brooklyn, and only one message, this is

what he sends “Don't talk to that man

 

| Backus.’

| the work

the curious ef. |

@hough

Erastus P. Backus was Sheriffof St. Lawrence
eounty in 1888, He was always interested in
of reform ng criminals rather more
art of catching them,
second-rate man in
It did noi seem to

than be waa in the
he was never a
the hunt for acriminal

| him that the average jail offered a great deal

soon |

Yank Jackson out-Sellersed Col. Sellers, r sac f
nv come ways his cheertul faith, his serene be. | Seats, without a question,” said the man at) working with them. It 1s s0 much eesier to a Ole aes nom, the oo +o toe mapune
, F a = neks hae een offen see

lief (hat he would sooner or later come toa big | the box-office, as he tossed two tickets fo @ | pose them gracefully, Even at the best it time tn tine for the last “is vent Sur W h er
. rs ilans i r tic . . y ; ; naa
reward forall bis study and plans, was 4 athe th gray. haired-woman Now that woman i9 | (. q dificult matter to pose a dead person, proved himself too cunning for those who cared
Only two days before he died he got feebly out cent 1 there's 1 rthly 1 giving her | ‘ _ i ) to risk following him into his retreats. They

' e he st have ere sately | deaf anc 1ere’'s no earth ise ’ ry vin) et » har c s| th 1 s retre: 1
of bed and, While he must have suffered acutely Living people are hard ebough to manage, | poiig wed the trail for about eight miles until the |

hollow If the
1 could

anything more than four rows from the front beat

The fat man who left the window a moment ago

but the dead them all
friends would only give me full licer

signs became so fresh that they knew they were

from heuralgic pains, he wrote twolong letters
not far behind The trail had led them aeross

to Boston bankers, Who some one told him might

be interested In his latest seheme to arm the * : ; co
belligerent Yaqui Indians and thus get a foot- | always wants ten or twelve G, because (he) yet along well enough, but the nea¥est rela- creek pm oe oar st ep au He and moe
hold in their country so as to seize the silver | curve widens the space in front of those seats, | tive who is engineering the scheme is always | feet Abe, The anaw cre Fare un thet oe
a ” . . “ Tv re - * 5 P : 4 , " . emt ©
mines there When the letters were finished | and he has room for his knees A good many | on hand with suggestions, She has in mind | and their horses, while frequently nd in man

 

 
 

jueces the big beast thes were following lad

Jackson got back into bed. [nan hour he was
woken through and thus rade his course a very

delirious, and he died while he was babbling os
a copper mining scheme in Yavapai county

He was born iy Zanesville, Ohio, in 1827, and
Was a nephew of Tom Corwin, He used to say
that he inherited his felicity of language from
the same source as Corwin, He was a prince of

other people are on to those seats though, and
he has to let me know early, if he wants them
One woman who comes here very often has
to have an aisie seat, because she is subject

some particular position in which the deceased |
|
to fainting fits, and nuist be where she can get |

was wont to sit or stand or lie, and nothing | hard one The horses of the hunters were

will do but J must arrange him tn that identical | about tagged out and the horse that Charlie

position and photograph him so Baxter rode had given out entirely and his rider
“L remember one particularly difficult case | was left behind

Y had a year or so age. ‘There was an old man |

Too

 

  

oe bs baer a ny Bae erern oe ane out to the air quick! living wp in The Bronx who was known to | bear the whole pack was loosed and away they
fornia gold flelds in 1857, 9 speculated later Some of our best patrons preter the front | his friends and relatives asx Praying Billy, | went in full ery, which made the ountains
in stocks of the Hale and Norcross mine in the | row of the balcony to the orchestra chairs He was short on the goods of this world and | ring | The two remaining hunters followed on
Comstock lode, and made some $15,000 or $20,000 | and we always save the seats ior them on | OW every day, sound horse sense, but he was horseback at a slow wait and aa best they could
in a year or two. That smile of fortune al first nights. The boxes don't go off very well | tong On aaa ae ae Tati oe > tr : a 9 ard th a heune pede ¢ eee

5 beg y o ee”) ioe ae, ane a anata , Md votions he assumed a characteristic attitude om aorise heard the hounds about anole away
tered his whole life. When Hale and Nor They really aren't the best seats, you know, | He rested on his right knee, steadied himself | in a dense grove of willows and small quaking

and haven't any advantage save in bringing a |
party more closely together The right sort |
ot people don't like being as Conspicious as
they must be ina box at a small theatre, and
altogether, the boxes sell less readily than any-

cross stock fell off heavily immediately alter
Jackson had sold out, he was looked Upon as
possessing reat sagacity. Le invested in other
Jomstock mining stoeks, and doubled and tre-

usps at the head of Cow Croek in the Book cliffs
bay io the bear, whieh
was more than helding his own

The fact that there were no large trees, rocks

with the tip of bis left foot and held his arms
out straight ffom the shoulder with the palians
tot bis hands turned upward. Well, one day
| he died. The undertaker came and performed

When the signs showed the nearness of the |
| rested that thes

} Ottais Ue han

from the noise made,

bled his litte fortune. He was elected Maye

of Virginia City, and his advice wan ough on thing else in the house the customary serviees and then the widow | or other cover to retreat to in case the wounded |

all sides by speculators in inining properties I've been selling a certain orchestra seat, sent for me : , } brite should make a charge oon the bunters,

He bought pine forests on the Sierras, near | every matinee this season, to one young Woman. | Billy never set for a pietur.” she suid, tear. | and the sound of breaking willows and the
Cal, and when the timber- | She hasn't missed a matinée, and she always | fully, ‘an’ J want him took now. An T want erash of falling saplings would have strack

 

terror to the heart of less brave men than our
hunters As it Was, Jack seemed to have§no
} stomach for the tight, while Steve, Knowing by
} the sound of the velps and cries that his dogs

what is now Truc
ing of the great chambers, stopes and shalts
of the Comstock demanded thousands of feet
of lumber daily he doubled his fortune again,

}
|
|

him took a-prayin’. too L scareely ever see |

Billy when he wasn't prayin’, an’ it he wasn’t
took kneelin’ | wouldn't be sure it was him
Do you think you ean fix him?

wants that particular or the left, nest
tothe box. That's easy to figure out, of course
but TE dont know which one of the actors is the

 

 

 

QA syste: ot waterworks hero of the story, nor bow much ap. reciation
ie Was brouah’ ae arty oles pon | he « tlh 1 ninibee it's the man the women 1 jooked at Billy as belay stretched ent on | were getting the worst of it and being killed,
the high Sierras to Virginia C.ty, across alkali | all rave over: but this woman doesn't seem | the bier He was a very tall man and of heavy cocked his gun and ventured into the thieket.
plains and the Washoe Valley and around the | that sort, She looks proud and sensible, and | frame, und J was troubled with grave doubts The bear and the dogs had cleared a space
Upper sides of Mount Davidson ino immense | Deonfess to a bit of curiosity about the stery, , as to my ability to ‘fx him according to Mrs, | of about fifty feet and were si Parnestly ei
conduits of steel and at the expense of more | thoueh it's no business of mine. Heavens’ | Biuly’s idea) The poor woman was in sober ; waged that they did not see Steve, while Steve,
than $2,000,000, Was an original idea of Jackson's, | What epidemics some of these actors are The | earhest, however, and being anxious to as. | seeing, his dead and wounded dows Iving about
Then his mind was turned to planning big | talk [hear here at the window would be enough | svage her grief, I promised to do my best. | and the unequal fight going on, thouwht it

had such | Ume, if he wished to save any of his hounds, to
take ahandin the affair. Brain's pre-occupa
tion gave Steve his opportunity and he topk
careful heart, knowing his on

I give you my word for it, T never
posing a subject in my life. All things
| considered, Pregard Billy's picture as the nost

things in the development of the resources of | to make me think all women raving erazy, if

Nevada, As vears passed his schemes grew | didn't have asane wife of my own
more visionary, He was the original and most Two giris came for matinee seats last Friday

 

 

 

 

colossal promoter of the Pacific coast Jand they held the window for ten minutes | remarkable peee of work | ever did ['ve aim oat the

One of Jackson's fondest schemes of the | discussing whether to take the seats en the | get a copy of it here among my samples somes | dite would not be worth much af he simply
Matter ‘60s and early ‘Jos was the building of | left where they wonld see his ore ile more, or | Where, Want to see it wounded him, Just as Steve pulled the trigger
a railroad to start at Reno station, on the then | to go over to the right where they rould wet a | The visitor shrank back —timidly Oh, | the bear gave a quick movement and the ball
newly constructed Central. Pacifle Railroad, | better view of his eves Now. wouldn't that | no-no, thank you,” she faltered, “1 don't entered his flank, ranging toward his head
in Nevada, and to run south through Virginia | frost vou? Pretty girls, too. They decided tor | think I could stand it The shot, though, proved sure and fatal and

 

aid the sample casa on

The photographer
you please" he said, "LT | to

because one of them said
} the table ittst as

hair were the

the huge brute tumbled formate on his head
we

City, on down through the newly discovered } the profile tinatly .
the ground. Tmmediately Was cole

mining country of southern Nevada, and then | his nose and the wave in his side ; i
on across the deserts to the Pacifle Ovean at | most adorable things about hin lralt somethiow dike von do, myself. when J | pletely covered by the dogs, although he dug
Ban Pedro, near Los Angeles Cal He spent We've several deal and dunk people who | began to photograph corpses, TD shall never deep furrows in the grand with his immense
some $50,000 on his plan for this railroad, and | come often.‘ hev take front seats because | forget: my first) experience in that line, [| | claws andin his death struggles broke willow
no one could make iio see how impracticable | they want to watch the lipsof the actors, and | was new) in’ the picture business then, 1 bushes and saplings as large as a man's arm
a railroad across 800 miles of barren alkali sandy | the orehestra cant do a thing to Chet \ | had been located for about two weeks in a} like pipe stems, he never regained his feet
again andina very short time he was dead.

 

} studio over on Sixth avenne when a young

deaf and dumb balid-headed man does have
} woman came rushing into my office one morn.

times he
one advantage over the ordinary bald head

paid for @ brass

wastes would always be Several

hired a hall The bear was found in size well up to the

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

in Virginia City
band and got out large audiences to diseuss | vou see na brass drum can't disturb | ing, weeping piteousiy. The woman was bare- tales told of him at nurnerous camp fires.
his railroad plans, but no one with money | him. The kind of people who take vallery ; headed and she carried a bundle wrapped | While one stroke of his claw had crushed
ever gave the project any serious attention, | seats is very different trom what it used to | round with a blue shawl She sat down in| in the head of Babe, the leader of the hounds,
Jackson was angry because his millionaire | be. The seats have risen in price in most of | a chair by the window and began to rock the | and half torn his head from his body, another
friend, James G. Fair, would not invest in the | the good houses, and then TE think people are mindle toand fro gently, Presently she ceased | blow had crushed the ribe and disemboweled
new railroad proposition, or at least throw | becomming more independent. The matiney | sobbing and said: ‘T want a picture of my baby, Old Bill, the next best dog in the pack. Othera
his influence for the building of the road, and | girls haven't any false pri about it They'd | Will you take it? were terribly mauled his was a great loss
Jackson and Fair were never friendly again, | rather see their idol tour timbs from the gallery “Why, yes,’ sald 1, ‘I suppose so. Have | to Steve, as he valued both dogs at over $100
Col. Jackson went to New York and spent | than once from the orchestra chairs, so unless | you the child here? apiece
weeks vainly in trying to interest capital in | they have money to burn, thev take their choe. “For answer she unwound the shawl and -_——

 

revealed a tiny white face lying on her arm

The shock was #o great that T actually stag- TRAMP SMITH AND HIS DOGS.

the proposition He had theured out olates and trot merrily along.’

 

 

that |
|

 
 
 

ge road could be built for $60,000,000 and that omen - } pot ru \ aa
e Comstock mining kings might: influence , . , rer > | gered. “Why, good heavens, woman,’ | ori ‘ ee
Congress to pass a bill guaranteeing | DODGED THE PENITENTIARY, | "The child is dead ’ They Are Tratned Beggars and They FEasily
to the amount of $50,000,000 for the construe. -_-—— "The young woman nodded. ‘I know it,’ she Get a Living for Him and Them.
tion of the Nevadal California and Pacitic | Fate of a Man Who Wrote His Expertence on | she said, ‘but I want his picture, anyway. Of ; :

t course, Ul never forget him, as it is: but stull T From the St. Lowia Republic

Railroad the Problem of Living. ,
The suecess that Adolf Sutro had in his tun- ) want his pieture to remember him by. Hurry, Kirkwood was entertained yesterday by a

 

bonds
|
|

 

 

 

    

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

of encouragement to the young man arrested
for the first time, It seemed to him that aterm
in jail was about the the surest start a young
man could have ona criminal career. He worked
out areform aystern of his own, It was basad alto-
gether upon his own personality. His main
principle was to make a friend of every boy
and young man whom he found in trouble. Nota
mere fair weather, praying and smiling friend,
but an earnest bread and butter and clothing
providing friend of every boy who seemed
to have got into trouble because he lacked
the right sort of friend. Mr. Backus worked
along in a leisurely sort of way up In St. Law-
renoe county; but he really did not feel that
he had there any chance to do the work he
was capable of, There were not criminals
enough in St, Lawrence to keep him busy.
When his brother, Foster L, Backus, was made
Distriet Attorney of Kings county, Erastus
Backus was appointed a detective attached
to the District Attorney's office at a salary
of $1.200 a year. He was retained in that office
until Jan, 1, last. When the patronage com-
mittee of the Kings county Democratic organiza
tion decided that it needed a vacancy in this
place for the good of the organization, Mr
Backus retired gracefully. Heis not the sort
of reformer who considers bis own public mar-
tyrdom essential to the well-being of any
work in whieh he may be interested

The indignation of the people of Brooklyn
over the retirement of Mr. Backus Was so out-
spoken that a bill was put through the Leggis-
whieh made an office for lim as County
Mr. Backus did not cease his reform
burt

lature
Detective
work when ie Was removed from office
independent of

carried it on as a volunteer
any organization, Now he is working nominally
under the direction of the County Judges

He reports to them trom time to time, His salary
us County Detective is $2,000, This is not really a
very large salary for Mr. Backus, for he spends
every cent that Le can spare from his own
siinple jodging, food and clothing in helping
the bore and men among whom he works
When Mr
torpey's office, he began at once to apply the
system whieh he had used in St. Lawrence
County He obtained every dav a fist
yrisoners ii the city Magistrates surts who
Mad been held for the Grand dtr He visited
these prisoners in the jail and obtained from
them all the information about themselves that
they were willing to give hin He found out
who their friends were, who their enemies were,
and where they spent their time. He em-
ployed his nights in looking up the references
he received during the day In this way he
was uble to find out whether a certain prisoner

Was truthful and to get a first-hand idea of the |

influences that had been working upon him and
of the effeer his environment might have had
in wetting bin into trouble. ‘Thus Mr. Backus
qiade up his mind whether the man in jail Was
worth working over or not) Tf the man was
young, Mr Baekus almost always decided that
he was worth working over. If Mr. Backus was
convinced that the prisoner could and would live
straight with a Jittle help and artificial back-
bone, he went to the Judge and recommended
that sentence be suspended. Then he met the

 

discharged prisoner at the Jai door, found
lodgings for him, Kept hin clothed and fed
until work eould be found for him, and gave |

him a good talking to all the tine. He almost
always succeeded in finding some sort of em-
ployment for bis bows. He never told the per-
sons who employed them where he got hold
of them. The elothing be bought for ther,
the money that was spent in getting stolen
goods ont of pawn shops to be quietly returned
to their rightful possessors and every other
expense connected with Mr Backus plan,
come outof lis own small salary

In the three years and a half during whieh
Mr. Backus has been at work in Brooklyn he
has succeeded in having the sentences of 340
boys suspended He has been obliged to
ask for the imposition of sentence on only fittve
six of those bows. For the remaining 284 Mr
Backtis makes no assertion that they are salnts
He simply says that they are earning honest
livings and that most of them beleve that
they can wet along betier in this world by obev-
ne the law Some oof them are living with
parents who declared when they were first ar-
should never enter the house

 

again. Others are being concealed and kept
away from parents Who might encourage them
to be dishonest.

Mr. Backus keeps a lst in his poeket whieh

 
 

of every bow over whom he
has worked, the boy's address and some notes
about hin Noo matter into what part of the
eitv Mr) Backus goes he is alwavs in a neigh-
borhood in whieh something may be learned
about one of these bovs He visits them con-
stantiv and visits their friends. Even though
the thine when sentence might be reimposed
Qpon them lus expired. Mr Backus's (iterest
does not cease Nor does be withhold such
Hhancial help as le can give

In talking about his work Mr Backus abso-
lutely refused to speak of any of his bovs by
name He says that things have wot to such a
polkt now and le has become so well known
through the discussion of his retirement ino the
hewWwspapers that when he goes to a oman and

 

 

) Save Chat he has a boy he wants the man lo hire,

|

the man erins and says: “I've read a good deal
about vour boys T don't believe IT want any of
then.” Wherefore Mr. Backus has to work in-
direotiv: and get other people to represent him
u read plices for his voung men
{ first, when the newspapers took up my

work,” said @lr. Backus, t did not like it : I
knew the re@@it would be that it would make ft
hard for the boys, and that when they came
down to the court house to talk to me or stopped
Ine on the street, if anybody saw them «word
would get around to the placea where they
worked that they were jail birds and so on, and
the result soon would be that they would be out
of work and down on their luck and in a fair
position to wet into jail again. So | passed the
word among them that they were not fo come
to the Court House any more to see me ond they
were not to speakjto meonthe street if they met
me, but they were to come up here to my house
Thave made up my mind now that this bewspa-
per campaign Was responsible for my appoint-
ment as a county detective and inasmuch as it
gave me 6800 more than I had before to spend
onthe boys it was all for their good

Mr. Backts was asked whether he did not
think it would be fairer for him to have an ap-
propriation to be expended at his discretion
for the relief of those whom he is trying to aid

No," he said. “I know it wouldn't. It I
choose to spend my salary over and above what
I need, it’s nobody's business but me own. No-
body can come to me and say. ‘See here, you
say you spend $3 buving a pair of shoes for a
boy. Let me see the bill, Who was the boy?
Where is he now? What did he do” and all the
rest of that sortof thing. [tf would spoil all my
work over that boy to answer those questions
and very likely land him in jai! again. Vd
rather do my work in my own way

Mr Backus said that he rather shrank from
having people know much what he was doing
because he knew that a man that came down
from St Lawrence county to New York couldn't
help being more or less of a countryman and ap-
pear a little awkward, and he was atraid that
he and his work would be ridiculed In this he
has been pleasantly disappointed

Mr. Backus does not look like a eountry-
man, that is the sort that parades Broadway

 

with a begwey lmbrelin and a cigarette ad-
vertisement He wears his clothes alittle
roughly and likes a low-down collar. He has

| heavy black evebrows and a rather uneven iron

| dom and at

gay mustache He has a friendly offhand
way of talking, soyiie everything that comes
into his mind with the utmost apparent free-
the same time talging so slowly
that he never slips into anythin indiplomati«
There is not the slightest hint of anything

| harsh or unkind about the man until he begins

{

nal into the side of Mount Davidson to drain “The letters to Tuk Sox on the problem | please, e's to be buried to-day at 11 o'clock, | tramp who was a most peculiar spe . He
the lower levels oof the rich Comstock | of living on stated salaries takes me back a ind it's now. J have no money, but if you'll had a lot i . ; Pernice '
mines gave Col Jackson an idea that thé lakes | raw geara to the time when T wg rk only tak® the ploture, Tl) pay you as soon us vad a lot Of dows which he had collected during
in the upper valleys of the Sierras might be 7 " rete ne oer WOFKING | J ony,’ his trip from Kansas City east, and be bad these
utilized for the benefit of the human race, | seven nights and Sundays on a Western news "The whole affair was very touching. Twas | trained as expert beggars In th way the
and for the immense profit of all who invested | paper,” said a man who is still in the business. | completely unnerved for a time. ‘The baby's \ sna me we .
money inthe project, At an expense of thou- | The editor encouraged the stat to write face and hands were so very thin that T could ANiiNals sectiren his and their own food
sands of dollars he had gangs of engineers | = Yan et ee oO wre | net vid myself of the faney that the poor little The dogs would not carry off any honorsat
for months at a tpie. surveving, estimating, | OM the problem of keeping up appearances | fellow had starved to death. [afterward in- | the dog show. In all there were six of the
and planing how to tap the mountain lakes, | and bank account at the same time on the | vestigated the case and found that this was | gig mieiy hy } : or
and carry the water down the thirsty, sun- | salaries they drew weekly with promptness, | indeed true Che woman was as good as her | neinigot have been three or four generations
baked, bleak and bare sow of the WashoeVal- | the editor bad been a snecessful man and | word and came around one day and offered | back a Water spaniel ‘Two others were small
ley fle believed that the rise in the value | he wanted his men to follow his methods | to pay me, but Lecould not bring myselftotake | short-haired dows that might be sed
of some $0,000 acres of soil, worthless for au | ‘Every one on the staff bad contributed | a cent from her The pieture was a ghastly } Faw Sie + = wens a ve and
ricultural purposes would repay the investors | the called for article except myself. The Thine but the nether seemed to find consolation , )°* etriers The other three animals were
in the scheme mant times over. When the | editor called me in his offlee and sald he would | lo) its Porsesston, aud thet was all that was | larger and had been picked up alone the
engineers told bum that the hydrautic work | like to have my esperien r publication NeCOSSALS Missouri Pacitic somewhere between Jefferson
would involve an outlay of more than $8,000 - Loterned in the same ao week later \ few “It was the incident of the dead baby that | ity and Kirkwood
Om and that there would be interminable | days after the editor called tne in again and | set me thinking of the possibilities of success The tramp, who wave hix name as Charles
and costly litigation to determine his right | said he had read the sereed- that is the name | in this line ef photography, tinmediately after | Osborn Hernste Srlih: “to ‘etsmtials Gime
to carry the water of the lakes into Nevada, | he gave it and proceeded to tell me what he | that f began to drum upbusiness. At firer Tt! self, he said from) other Smiths rok K ok.
he was undismaved He believed that the | thought of it, “You say.’ he began, ‘that von | advertised. and forse eral months after turning | weed about noon yesterday. TI » dogs filed after
Washoe Valley might be made a_ veritable | get $25 a week, That you keep up with the | my attention fo dead folks the daily papers (hing in tine Lke se many soldiers i one of
warden in a desert) He went to St. Louis and | fashions, that vou have course dinners: that | contained notices now and then that would. them saw a local animal and Wempted th
Chicago tor capital, and never got a dollar you sometimes go home in a cab that) vou | make the hairof a timid person stand straight | break formation in order te make friends the
Vwo veers of hard work and constant worry | smoke six cigars daily. at io cents a smoke | onend | venerally worded my advertisements | tramp would turn on him in a severe man-
apparent! had no effect upon bis opiiinism that vou entertain yvour friends after office | something likethia J B Wilkins, photographer ner and say “Right dress ' The dog eoutd
But his fortune was sadly depleted | hours, and so or Do vou mean to tell me Dead bodies aspecialty Corpses photographed | line up ikea well-hehaved private i a

Chenustrs do ometallurey interested Col for von have kept that out of your article, that | in ane costume or position desired (Charges Charie- «. Sn ith came to Kirk wood station
dackson when he had sunk more than 90.000 | you save any money at this walt?’ renaonable, Satisfaction guaranteed.’ An, and sat hinidownoutside, The dogs all ranwed
in his Washoe Vallee irrigation plans. He *L replied that I didn’t save a cent idvertisement of this kind, set up in diaplev | about han After resting a while the ‘ hel
got pn Ife that he had a seeret process 4 Do vou break even at this gait?’ he in- | tyne, males interesting reading party started out te wet dinner “The * ag thie
which e¢ilver suiphurets might be converted | quired It took time to work up to my present popu- was do ‘a hac a on 5 as, |
Inte pure gold For weeks he and two high- “L replied that I did not. That T was in | larity, but the results show tbat the Neher | ao to @ but I ee rT se alae Peranied
salaried German metallurgists worked in. a | debt. and hopelessly so | was worth while In the first place, I have made | the animals in line if would g ve " b nena
guarded laboratory. on the outskirta of Vire | Then,’ he said in a very fleree way, ‘if you | money. According tomy reckoning a dead man ts | and all would nark in unison fhe ce ; oe id
ginia City One of the Germans was sent | keen this up you'll land in the penitentiary ' | worth 40 pereent rmorethanaliveone. And then | hark standing up and ther , rk eo Goes pb
at Jackson's expense, to Paris to consult an ‘IT thanked him for his consolation and passed | monotony has been pretty well weeded outofmy | then Ul turn aPor { towet) or : d be * —
eminent chemist and assaver there, Then lout. But the article appeared the following | life, and thet is no minor consideration. T have Thia sort of nEh om an Ail “i Ly awa
there were more costly experiments and Col, | Sunday, [Equit the paner soon after and went | seen some sights that have been blood curdling and. these we ’ ag v1 sien d that the do
Jackson honestly believed he had found the | te another eity About ten vears after | Now take this ire in the cabinet for in- | or the tram did not le A For toe { 4 in
way te get pure gold from a sulphuret of sile | met my fgrmer boss and after the usual greet; | stance, ‘There {ts a. curious story connected | aa peculiar . eae at “ for ae ‘Ais
ver and gold) The seheme was the all-ab- | ings be asked me if [owas stil living at the | with it Ut has puzzled me for two years, and | would imply Hei A ae ind tales as prinoals
sorbing topic in Virginia City for nine days. | same gait TE told him T was, or had been 1 doubt if T ever shall receive a satiafactory nad a enea idl aiigk Wier ate a oe 08 De had
Col, Jackson went to St. Louis and Chiesgo "And you have escaped the pententiary’’ he | explanation of the phenomenon. It _is the oxiatence | ae r mu aie "te Aceon
and sold several shares in’ his company for | asked, Tinformed him that T had up to that | likeness of a woman who lived down in Bridge- | way he ono mone © peoera aout . ooo
$1.000 each, He proposed to issie) shares | time succeeded in dodging that institution, | port. This woman was lovely in character and | but had failed to find any enjoyment in making

He erunted and we separated. If he had
mammoth laboratory at Carson City, where | asked me if 1 had escaped the poorhouse he
© the process of converting silver into gold was | would no doubt hive got an answer that would
#\) be done on an immense scale, M. M. Pome | have tickled him to death,” > ”

.

disposition, and she would have been equally re eto

beautiful physically had it not been for an mile temetned: on Kirkwood, intl about
accident which slightly disfigured the right | 2 o'clock. Then he and hi« queer family walked
4 | side of herface. To a stranger this defect was | leisurely east along the railroad treak,

to the value of $A00.000, and then to erect a

‘an rar

to think about seme of the men and women
who lend into trauble bows that are half starved

or weak It is not very long since Mr. Backus
used his information and influence with the
Judges to have one such man sentenced to

Sing Sing for ten vears on evidence obty
from voung boys who had helned in is Gee
laries. Mr. Backus is very hard, too, on boys
who break their promises to him to be good
He has a tremendous amount of patience,
but he wil! not forgive a bov who violates a
promise under which @ suapension of sentence
wis obtained for him. He gave a reporter
two instances which illustrate these traits.
The first was that of a very poor boy who stole
a trifling amount with whieh he bought food
for his family Mr Backus bonght for this
boy a ten-dollar suit of clothes. Tle has ree
deemed that suit of clothes from various pawn-
shops fourtimesfortheboy. .Thatsort of thing
he says, is expensive, but {t's not dishonest,
Tf the boy's family insist upon stealing his clothes
when he is in bed, tt ia not anybody's fault.
Th4 other inatance occurred only a week ago
A boy who had been sent ont on an errand
by his mother with $8 used the money to get
drink and spent it all. His mother had him
rrested on a charge of petit jarceny. Mr
ckus thought that the boy could be braced up

 
 

eee seed ——— ee

Backus went into the District At- |

of the |

 

 

| that Lean

ne gee

gn4 that jail was not exactly the place for him.
he took the boy to Father Hill and h im
take the pledge. The boy Rope that e
until last ri ay night. ‘Two hours after he
broke it Mr, Backus knew it and the boy is in
Rayinond Street Jail now and will receive bis
full sentence for petit larceny.

Mr. Backus's work is not confined to petty
offenders or to those for whom be hopes te
have sentence suspended. Kven when @ boy
has to go back to prison and serve his tern,
Mr. Backus visits him frequently and stands
ready to help him at the end of his sentence

There are two kinds of help that Mr. Backus
will accept from those that approve of what
he is doin He likes to hear from people who
know of places where a boy can be put at work
under influences that will be good for him.
He can use as many suits of clothes us are sent
tohim. He has no use for old clothes in the or-
dinary sense of the word, meaning clothes that
have been discarded because they are so much
worn that the owner would not wear them under
any circumstances, [tis hard enough, he says,
for a boy who is decently and even attractively
clothed to get work in a big city like thia: it
ix quite impossible for a boy who ooks shabby
to get any sort of desirable employment. There-
fore Mr. Backus wants clothes that the owner
could wear again if he felt like it without loss
of self-respect. There are not many ple
who give away such clothes, and Mr. Backus
would like to hear from every one of them.
He lives at 26 South Elliott place, Brooklyn.

 

 

SUGAR AS FOOD.

 

Natritious and Stimalating, It Increases the
Capacity for Endarance.

From the Philadelphia Record.

Prof. Pfulu, head of the physiological labora-
tory of the German Army, last week concluded
a series of elaborate experiments which have
confirmed the results of previous investiga-
tions, namely, that sugar {9 a valuable article
of diet, particularly for persons called upon
to perform a large amount of muscular exer-
tion, one of its salient points of merit being
that it is readily assimilated by the blood.
Prof. Pfubl found that after long and
fatiguing walks the soldiers recuperated in
from. fifteen minutes to half an hour if they
were given several lumps of sugar ‘These
appeared to remove all feelings of lassitude
and to restore the muscles to their original elastio

condition
Stareh forma a considerable portion of our
diet tn one form or another, and all starch has
to be converted into sugar by the sativa and
intestinal juices before it cum be assimilated
The action of these ferments breaks it up into
simpler chemical compounds, so that it finally
reaches the blood and muscles a8 dextrose, a
form of sugar whieh can be burned to yield
heat and muscular energy. The ebange re-
quired in sugar for its assimilation is very slight
compared with that required for the digestion
of starch. It will thus be seen that the process
of manufacturing sugar trom its vegetable
Containers results in a product that for digestive
purposes is comparable to partially digested
starch, so that it is evident the substitution
of sugar for starch is of advantage to the di-
gestive system, since it does not burden the
digestive tract and less force is required for
its digestion and assimilation, Unfortunately,
however, nature will not tolerate man’s attempt
to present concentrated chemically separated
pure foods all ready for assimilation, except
in limited amounts, and this is true of sugar,
as of peptones, partially digested meats and
similar foods
Sugar now forms part of the rations of the
soldiers o} all the principal nations, the make-up
of whieh, as is well known, is scientifically pro-
portioned to supply the necessary amount o
inuscular energy, heat and vitality of the sol-
dier. Prof. Mosso, an Italian investigator,
as early as 1808 called attention to the influence
of cane sugar in lessening fattgue. Last year
the Prussian Government took up the question
and made thorough and complete experiments
with the ergograph, an instrument. which
measured the amount of work done oT
the persons under test. ‘The subject of eac
experiment was entirely {gnorant of its nature,
and the instrument which registered the amount
ot work performed was hidden from view, so
that imagination could not affect the results
In addition to his ordinary diet he was given
about six ounces of a sweet fluid. On certain
days this was a solution of Sugar, and on other
dava was only water sweetened with dulein,
asweet-tasting Chemical having no food
value. Wher only ordinary museular work
was performed the effect of the sugar in the
diet was not very marked, but when exhausting
work was required of the subject of the ex-
periment the ‘difference in the effect of dulcin
and sugar became very apparent, the latter
restoring to some extent the efficiency of the
tired muscle, while dulein did not.” This is
believed to be due tothe fact that with ordinary
exertion a@ littl: more or less sugar in the blood
does not make any special difference, but when
the muscles are heavily drawn upon the rapid
aussimilationof this sugar proves of great
advantage
Continuing these successful
the German aruiy officials put them to practical
test durin their gate manduveres, the observa-
tions extending "over thirty-eight days. A
number of men were given ten lumps, about
one-sixth of a pound, of sugar daily, and were
compared it Various Ways with the men per-
forming the same amount of work in march-
ing and drilling, but whose food contained
little or no sugar, ‘The sugar was relished dur-
ing the whole time. and proved of decided ad-
Vantage to the men using it, On long marches
it appeased hunger and mitigated thirst: a
feeling of refreshment followed, which helped
the tired man on his way, and none of the sol-
diers allowed sugar were at any time over-
come by exhaustion Both their pulse rate
and breathing was less affected by exertion than
was the case with men having no sugar
The Swiss guides, it is asserted, fully ap-
preciate the value of siigar as a stimulant. and
always carry it in their kits, preferring lump
sugar or highly sweetened chocolate The
muscular lumbermen of Canada consume an
extraordinarily large amount of siwar during
the season in the woods, taking it in the form
of molasses Thev sweeten their milkless tea
with it. make cakes with it. and even add it
to their fried salt pork, which is the only meat
they get during the time thee are in the woods

experiments

cutting lumber, and this is practically half
the vear Tn the “black belt” of Mabama the
stave articles of diet are also molasses, salt

pork and cornmeal These simple articles form
the diet day in and day out, vear about, and
yet the negroes appear to thrive on them
But it ison the sugar cane plantations, per-
haps, where the value of sumar 48 an article
of diet is most apparent. A pamphlet entitled
“Sugar as Food,” recently issued by the De-
partment of Agriculture, referring to this fact
saves: “For months the chief food of the ne-
aro laborers on the plantations is suid to be
war cane, aid they are seen to grow strong
and fat as the season advances. They go
through the hard labor of harvesting theerop
and come out in fine eondition. although they
bewan it weak and half starved."

Tt should be added, however, that the en-
tire juice of ripened cane is nore complete foo
than sugar, contamina, as it does, other foo
constituents besides carbohydrates

Children have a natural craving for sweet

 

 

 
 

ES
“ ae ED

1"

Pees P

om

 

ODD CONTESTS OF WEALTH,

THE CUSTOM OP BREAKING COPPER
AMONG ALASHAN INDIANS,

Their Test of the P fon of Riches ts the
Ability to troy ~The Curious and Mighty
Prized Tokens Known Coppers Chale
lenges Between Rival ©

Copyright, 1900, by F.S. lellenbavgh

Wealth is highly considered anong the Dae
tives of the northwest Alaskan const Where
there are men who, in the opinion of ther owg
people and the neighboring tribes frival the
richest men in all the universe Bat whyig
with the reat of the world the test ol pu iog a
the ability to get more money andether prog
erty than you need and Jay it away, oy +
northwest coast it is ability and elit t 9g
to destroy property that marks the irijs poy
man, and when he arrives at the pont whirg
he can afford to destroy more than any of jig
rivala he ia the greatest chief in the ly, 4
Fspecially is he honored if be feels joy cig
able to break a copper or, better vet, cast itinig
the sea. Then all his people burst forth in
joyous song at the potlatchto whieh }s my 4
powerful rival has been invited to meet buns
iation, and this is the song they sing

“Our great famous chief is Known even ot,
side of our world; he is the highest chiet of ql) @

To this the person referred to tedesty
responds: “The chiefs of all the tribes aren y
servants, the chiefs of all the tribes are y y
speakers. They are pieces of copper wh nt
have broken.”

Then the people sing a song of mingled alarm
and laudation: “Do not let our chief rise tog
high. Do not let him destroy too much prope
erty, else we shall be made like broken pieceg
of copper by the great breaker of coppers, the
great splitter of coppers, the great clit whe
throws coppers into the water, the great en@
who cannot be surpassed by anybody, the ong
ayirmounting all the chiefs

“Long ago you went and burnt all the triheg
to ashes.”

“You went and defeated the chief ofall the
tribes: you made his people run away and ler
for their relatives whom you had slain. Yoy
went and the fame of your power was heard
among the northern tribes. You went and cave
blankets to everybody. Chief of All Tries

“Do not let us stand in front of him. ol who
we are always hearing, even at the outermosg
limits of this world. Do not let us steal from
our Chief of Tribes! elae he will becom er: raged
and will tie our hands. He will hang us, the
Chief of Tribes'”

Once again the chief sings

“Do not mind my greatness. My trbe along
is as great as four tribes. IT am stand ng og
our fortress. Tam standing on top ot the chiete
of the tribes
“L am Copper Face, Great Mountan, Supe
porter, Obstacle; my tribes are my servants
Great as was Solomon in the midst of

 

 

 

 

   

  

 

hig
glory is this Kwakiutl ebief, and until some
other chief comes along who can give A greater
“grease feast,” or destroy more property than
he, or throw @ valuable copper into the sea,

  

he remains the monarch of the reali Tie
customs connected with the destruction of props
erty and especially with the breaking I
pers, are complicated, and often diMc lt ta

comprehend. The ordinary traveller or dwe!s
er among the Indians seldom arrives ag
an accurate conception of their customs, but
many of the singular ways of the northwest

coast Indians, and especially of the Kwahintl,
have been studied by the Dr. Franz Boas of the
American Museum of Natural History, and
hence information about them is more definite

than it formerly was ,

The customs are not modern. They find theit
origin far back in the mysterious pus! of the
North American continent,

The copper is very peculiar, Jt aiwaye
has approximately the same form. though it
varies greatly in its value which depends not
at all on the intrinsic worth of the metal any
more than the value of one of our banknotes
epends on the intrinsic worth of the paper it
is composed of. The copper is. made Irom
comparatively thin sheets of metal, now «!+
tained from the whites, but formerly a naive
product. In shape it somewhat resembles on
ordinary American axe with an elongated bred
and the sharp edge for the top. This surfwe
js cut up into three divisions by @ hamucered
ridge crossing it at the waist and another ex.
tending from the middle of the first to the bots
tom of the copper. This gives to the ridge! 4
fonn of aT The portion above the top of the
T is called the face of the copper, while tha
iwo lower divisions are spoken of as the tid
end. The cops ers are decorated on one soe
that having the ridge upon it, generaly ft
drawing upon it the face of t

 

the owner's toten,
usually ina coating of blacklead, Thetoten not
also be scratched or hammered npontheccyret
and asit representsaguardianspirit inthes!ar®
of a beaver. frog, snake, bear or some ollet
animal, the Indian looks upon it with wreak
respect As one looks at one of these dia.
ings he apparently sees a full-faced, breads
mouthed peculiar being, but it) is not tect
for a full face at all fi represents bot! ”
of the animal's head at one and the same tir,
or both sides of the whole body if that = s!)c “th.
The two sides of the mouth thus conug ts
gether create what appears to be a very Wires
mouthed specimen, but it is only two sicies a
one

 

Every copper has its) own name, such a8
beaver face, crow, Whale, sea lion Ac oor t 4
name may ive some = desorptic! 8
“All-other-coppers- are - ashamed = toi of!
me.” When the owner breaks or cuts acopie.
he bewins at the upper right-hand «rf

ner. and when that division is gone he woos rest
Following ') 4

to the lower left-hand corner
he attacks the upper left-hand and tha
lower right-hand, till all that remau
raised T portion, which ts valued at 1:
ofthe whole. If any one suceredsas son ele '
happens, in buying up all the broken frown) 's
of a copper, they are riveted together 1
this condition the copper is considered to bed
greater Mod 4 than before,

The actud value of a copper is estimated |.
blankets, the blanket being the uiotiol vole
with the Indians of the Northwest ccas! 4
stendard is a single whyte woollen blnine’

raised atfifty cents. Adoubleblanhet —'

 

or three single ones. The oftener it im)
areater the value of a copper, becauee eye!
time a copper is offered toa rival, hes pile

chase at a higher price than the copyel &
fore sold for or acknowledge himeell a pocn?
man than bis rival, and Consequentiv celeetede.
He need not own enough blankets to els! 4
him to purchase at the time, for his trends 4
lend him enough and charge him the ¢ !
interest for the use of them fora given '!

 

 

 

 

things, and the sugar of milk, which makes '
up from 4 to 6 per cent of it, forms an impor. | the established rate being ho percent \s 08
tant part of baby's first nutriment, taking Valuation of 4 copper is sometimes vers biel
the place of starch until the child's stomach | 6.900 or 7,006 blankets or even more the (rinse: *
is able to assimilate it: so that a two-year-old | tion becomes one of great importaner or | ®
child drinking two ouarts of milk a day, con- | “Tease feast” or pouatch where the reacts
sumes in this way, about three ounces of sugar. | tion is conducted is a etirring war theo
Owing to its ease of digestion, and the fact that | Who is offering the copper to jas rive end 1
it sunplies heat and energy to the body, sugar | his attandants singing all manner ol orien ie
would seem to be a natural food for children | tous songs concernipg the poverty ol hoch
and is far more aceeptable to most children | nent. This rivalry in modern days takes 18
than fat, which usually supplies heat and energy piace of the old-time contests in darre er
to adults. The onestion whether the use of | bravery, The visiting rival besine |i! rg
too much sugar by children does not pervert | for the copper by offering the lowest prog ot
their tastes from less highly-flavored and nu- | Which it has ever been sold ard | hide
tritious foods has to be considered ding gradually rises till the number of ‘9
A lump of sugar contains as much nutrition | Offered surpasses any previous sale ander! "a
as an ounce of potato and is far more easily as- | at atotal which is satisfactory to the seer oF
similated. In times of great exertion, a& are | Tatber to his associates, who constant ce
likely to occur in army life, this feature ia par- | Mand an increased offer, while he alt! e
eularly valuable. In warm countries sugar | Moment declares himself satisfied
takes the place of fat, and either eugar or «weet Formerly the white blanket wast from
hruits As dates, figs, Ac, are eaten in large | the wool of the wild sheen. and doles ’
quantities in tropical climates Asa source of | that time such a blanket formed thy
musenlar energy sugar is ranidly becoming | Value, but the machine-made blanket .
recognized, so that training diets are some- | White man has superseded the old ly a
tines made to include large quantities of it, | one entirely as a standard After cer! ’
as for instance in the rowing clubs of Holland. ee maubete whieh the my
- eerie arc <_ das pale or the copper are placer "
7 frequently between two poles set up ft ?
PEACOCKS, tS gee and eye blanket = 4 O16 :
: Orty steps apart f a copper is offered
The Common Variety Cheap Enoagh, bat | rival and he Senet puret ane he 1 tribe
White Peacocks Pretty Costly, eeaae ties. Bur ine chi t who grows 4
ealthy Ui @ can afford to destray pro!
Peacocks of the familar ordinary variety urn a canoe, Se bansete or break apper
are raised by the breeders of fancy fowls of | With impunity is regarded as greater ai! re
one sort or anotber, and they are not very Comer an re oe vy ‘ A
costly nor is there much demand for them; | the greatest feat of all, its importance bf ng
a pair of suich peacocks might cost from $19 | gauged by the value of the copper broken ’”
to $20. They might be sold for collections, a of the damage done to it Sate ee
or for public parks, hot often for private a a 8 rival ener Scale 4g Vif he
parks or grounds, w the white peacock aren man's copper | is a challeng Sean ki
would be preferred wishes to avold humitiation he ri st a
White peacocks are rarer ’ copper not lesa valuableor, if porsitierrcee TI
eostly than those of the ordinary pihl® a fnire the other i Brice. The commen ¢ met . th
in price from $100 to $225 a pair Some o ¢ he, Irn th raamen an Me De eal
these birds are raised in thie country, but the the 6 challenger, who thereupon pay. ves
reater number are imported from’ Furope. pe wige pet o presented en par, Dut ae
Vhite peacocks are like ordinary peacocks Fare Pagel “ ike’ Seats ee athae
in their general characteristics, but instead th hi OF Feurning Tne Syaeh’ gill a
of having plumage of the familar ble and th 2 sown cop prer to the ohn longer. ig
creen and black, their plumage is white, Some- Hel we them wit Nah at, me ‘ a
times the “eyes” in the white peacock's tail ring to a very high standing fers °"

are of a creamy tint, giving to the tail. whe
spread, the effect of lace, from which ee
birds are called white lace peacocks

_ The demand for peacocks of anv
ia small and no dealer
keepa them in stock

on order

' variety
in birds and animals
supplying them only

 

 

Compalsory Refreshment,

From the Indianapolia Journal
omen is diene mange, a?"’
anc mange tis that ghastly, horrible,
peevens, clammy Geaners which your mother
’ {vy getsup when we have co
A shirk out of eating it.” —"

f
H
d
ff
}
b

shows he can afford the abeolite ine
» ’

entaile He is then the “great broverr |
copners, the great splitter of coprers. tho ereh
chief who throws coppers into the were "4
eat one who cannot be surnassed ans
dy.” Naturally, this is a position «! men
{n all countries aspire to, Coppers and ol 't
property are also destroved in a

ceremonies, but it-is in the rivalry of
that they become moat important!

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses |
are more fully and ably treated in THe ACN
pews columns than in any other medium Ads
Jortising us becomes more valualie io
Gun for obvious reasons. Remembex this.

‘