Che

a ne a a

aun

NEW YORK, SUNDAY,
Brooklyn Advertisements, |

ROLE rn

; MAY 18, 1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.
wen é —
ae
while
ches ig
r prone
on the
aa! Aig
wee
of hie
he land,
himeael€
titinte
h in 8
® mosQ
humile

Pavertisements,

LOLA OA ween nnn

ne oe | QS

Brooklyn Advertisements, Brooblyn Advertisements, | Brooblyn Advertisements,

PPP LPL LLL

A\BRAHAM “*. STRAUS

BROOKLYN.

Best Offering of Women’s TAILORED SUITS

Of This or Any Other Season.

You have never heard of anything quite like this—nor have we, It marks the last milestone reached thus far
along the road of splendid value giving. Here are Women’s Tailored Suits as excellent, as stylish as Women’s
Tailored Suits can be.

Priced at Little More Than the Cost of the Material.

They were made to our order—that insures to you perfect workmanship all the way through; the most
approved styles of the season and cloths of the best kinds in the colors that will please you most. In short, it
insures to you perfect Suits, as each one of these is.

It will be a bright gathering that you shall choose from to-morrow, a gathering we are proud of,

In the tirst division there are one hundred and iifty Suits, ina lined with taffeta silk, The skirts Wave the new inverted plaited
variety of materials and colorings, such as homespuns, Venetians back, with bands of stitched taffeta to match the coat. The tning
and serges. The coats are either Eton or fly front effects; some is percaline, These serges cannot wait long at........... $14
are plain, but the majority are trimmed with taffeta bands, They A third division comprises Suits of handsome Oxford camel’s
are Stylish, smart Suits, and the price is record making at hair with stitched taffeta bands. The coat is an Eton; the skirt

; ‘ has an inner drop skirt and the Suit is lined throughout with
Eight Dollars and Eighty-five Cents. $

tatfeta silk, The pricing is very low at 25.50
Suits of the same style but with percaline drop skirt and a

In the second division there are black serge Suits with double-
breasted, collarless Eton coats trimmed with stitched taffeta and

flounce of taffeta silk are equally low priced at $18.75
AnExodusof MUSLIN UNDERWEAR | Women’s OXFORDS--Foun-

Prices That Make Purchases Profitable. dation Prices,

Let us make three brief comments : . op AY NO De onneeels for sncinte

First-—This Muslin Underwear and these garments for little children are eventiul time lately. They are excellent
perfectly made of excellent material in the proper mode. Second---They Oxfords in the first place, and unusually
are as dainty and desirable as such garments wellcan be, Third—They are

low priced in the second place, The
priced much below the prices that prevail at ordinary “special sales.” Need leather is a tine vici kid, as light as a
more be said ?

feather. They have tips of the same kid,

turn soles, Louis XV heels, and altogether

Gowns. Muslin Gowns, V-neck, with are as Stylish, easy-fitting and dainty Ox-

four insertions of choice embroidery and fords as you will see mn a day’s march,

clusters of tucks in yoke, cambric ruttle The price is very low indeed at... .$2.49
on neck and sleeves..........+00+.. O9
Cambric Gowns, Empire, prettily trim-

Seeond floor, New Bullding.
med with insertions and rutiles of cotton

| Good Pictures, Low Priced.
TONOMON ORs oc cis 50005 0cacrs ee

Cambric Gowns, Empire, with front Just an indication in this little

Spring seat, covered with satin damask; and revers of hemstitched tucks trimmed list of the Picture Store’s readiness
regularly $10.00, at..........0 0... $5.50 with hemstitched rutile; others V-neck, with pictures of all good sorts at

Oak Bedroom Suite, 7 pieces; full size with six insertions of tine embroidery and 5 a ro fan
bed, eaeen wins nee Teed. wnaiieaen clusters of tucks in yoke, embroidered prices that in some cases seem im
with hair top, bureau with bevel mirror ruffle on neck and sleeves possibly low. It seems almost

brutal to treat pictures from the

and swell front base, oak chairs and 2 Cambric Gowns, square neck, with in-
Cambric ints, with full umbrella tuf- same standpoint that other mer-

weve s $22.75 sertions of fine embroidery and clusters of
: tucks in yoke, trimmed with full ruffle of . : ale ;
Ash oak finish Chiffonier; § drawers..$4.00 fine aan r o "$1.23 fle ee choige embroidery, also dust chandise is treated, yet looking at
Brass Beds; bow foot 14-inch post, all | Corset Covers, V-neck Corset Covers HUME, se seers sees eee cee eee es SEMD it from that standpoint, there is

‘ Pe ee ee Pe eee ees ae eae Cambric Skirts, with lawn umbrella : ; i
Sizes, regularly $29.00; our price. . $20.00 preapened wit pelea tucks and mies rutile with five insertions and edge of lace, price saving on everything here.
Brass Beds, extra heavy 2-inch post, BOR EE TOM pts r ess ertene snes: See also dust rutile; others in Muslin with As to the merit of the pictures
with T ball mounts throughout, well Corset Covers, round neck, trimmed umbrella ruffle of tine embroidery, also hemselves | 1 ij .
lacquered, full size; regularly $50.00, with embroidery and ribbon back and dust ruttl........ vescataceecnnc $169 themselves, only personal inspec-
at $35.00 front, draw strings at waist......,...d4c Beand Goce, tion can prove that to you.

UNDERWEAR and HOSIERY Event

This is the Underwear and the Hosiery that is needed now and the
prices are below regular prices. Our buying was done when prices were
down, a long time ago, and then it was so large that the dealers were will-
ing to take a good deal from their regular figure. So the advantage comes
to you to-morrow and lasts while the goods last. You will not miss it if
you are prudent,

Underwear for Men. You may have
this at quite a third less than the usual
prising to-day. Shirts and Drawers of

albriggan, the right weight for now;
Shirts with French necks, pearl buttons
and binding down front; Drawers with
French extension waist bands, pearl but-
tons, suspender tapes and deep, reinforced
gussets. Each garment is priced at., .29¢
Balbriggan Shirts and Drawers for men,
made of pure, soft, Egyptian yarn, which
makes them soft and durable, are also low
priced. These are made specially for us,
the Shirts with long or short sleeves;
sateen trimming down the tront and pearl

grooktyn

eee eS AE

SHIRT WAISTS-=-A Price Saving Sale

That Is Quite Without a Parallel.

Shirt Waists of cotton and silk for the smallest prices at which they
have ever been offered. Come and see them to-morrow—thousands of
them—of every color that is good in Waists; of every style that is likable,
wearable. The workmanship, the finish is perfect; they are dainty, worthy,
summery Waists every one, and the prices are so low that an entire
season’s supply is not too much to purchase profitably. It is the greatest
value giving sale of the season, one you will not wissly miss,

Waists of Cotton. 800 percale Shirt Corded novelty Madras Shirt Waists
Waists made with full front, tucked back large assortment, inchiding bhck
and detached collar. Colors are pink, white, violet, pink and blue str

blue and violet, and the price is un- They have full fronts, yokes and tu
matched anywhere at. ......ceeseee 206 backsand the collars are detachable. Values

Shirt Waists of percale, blue and white, are $1.50 to $2,00,and the price is, ., 970
pink and white and lavender and white Shirt Waists of imported madras and
Stripes, They are made with full front Oxford cloth, the front, back and
and yoke back, or with tucked back and finished with white piping in ich

effect. They have detuchab) collars
dress sleeves and the colors are ome

low priced at .s..seececseesencvee:
Ss ith
birt Wotbte of singlam with sonnes blue and lavender. Nothing is nicer
golfing or bicycling. A $2.50 value for

SILKS Whose Stay Is Short.

For Their Prices Are Rarely Low.

There are enough—we think there are enough of these Silks to supply

ou to-morrow and Tuesday. Longer we cannot promise, though there

are 7,500 yards of one sort and 4,000 yards of another, Prices such as
these for Silks such as these are extraordinary.

One sort are all silk printed Indias, 24 inches wide—7,500 yards of these. They are of
gplendid quality and there isan immense variety of new and desirable patterns in all the
iatest colors. India Silks are always justly popular; now more than ever so and even
7,00 yards cannot last long at this pricing.......... sone sevens MOC. a yard

printed Foulards are the other sort; 4,000 yards of fine, strong silk, 24 inches wide and
rich and lustrous in quality. These are in two and three tone colorings; the designs are
all new and exclusive and they were made to sell at a much higher figure than to-morrow’s
pricing... oes. 5Sc. a yard

Last come twenty pieces of an extra strong and serviceable quality of black Taffeta Silk.
It is 19 inches wide and very brilliant, The price for this is low at,..........49¢. a yard
Main floor, New Building.

FURNITURE and CARPETINGS.

A Memorable Event in Moderate Pricing.

It isa fact that these are the best Carpetings, that this is the most excel-
lent Furniture and that though Carpetings and Furniture are a principal
need now, the prices at which you may = them are far the lowest any-
where, that makes this offering a memorable event, There is nothing in
either line that you may need that does not come under the low priced
rule. There is nothing in either line that may need, be it rustic Sum-
mer Furniture or the most elaborate all upholstered Parlor Suite; a bit of
Matting or the Wilton Velvet Carpet with the softest, richest pile, that you
will not tind here in the freshest and best patterns, of the most excellent

workmanship. ee
Here are suggestions; we cannot tell you the whole story in print:

nou
of all,

odestly
are my
re my
hich &

d alarna
ise toe
h prope
D pieces
bers, the
ef whe
at one
the one

Po

Peer erereremrrrrr se Serre ele See ee

tribes

f all the
ind lock
You
heard
d gave
bes’
f whom
termosé
i from
nraged
us, the

stripes in pink, blue and oxblood, They
are made with full front, yoke back and
earl buttons. We have retailed the same
Shirt Waists for $1.00. To-morrow’s
pricing Will be. ...,.eccceseeweeess ff

Shirt Waists of percale in a large va-
riety of figured, striped and large and
small bow knot patterns. ‘They have full
fronts and French tucked backs and the
colors are pink, blue, oxblood and violet.
A $1.00 value for,.,........ .59¢ and 69¢

Shirt Waists of white lawn with two
insertions of fine embroidery and clusters
of tucks in front; tucked backs, detach-
able collars and soft cuffs,........ $1.28

White Waists, Shirt Waists of white
lawn with two insertions of fine em-
broidery between clusters of space tuck-
ing in front; plaited backs and detachable

OOUNTEs's cee vcoresveseseesveseess este

Walsts of Silk. Shirt Waists made of
taffeta silk ina variety of pretty colora
Some are made witha tucked front; others
are corded front and back. All have silk
collars and all are low priced at... $2.08

Shirt Waists made of an excellent
quality taffeta silk in the new and popular
shades. They are tucked and hemstitched
down the front and on the sides of the
dress sleeves. Unusually attractive
Waists all low priced at. ......es00 $390

In black only are some Waists of Ching
silk, tucked all over and stitched in
squares down the front. They have dress
sleeves and are an excellent style. Priced

4 feos,

RIBBONS--Exceptional Prices

This is essentially a Ribbon year—Ribbons are to be worn for every
possible purpose by children and by grownups. Ordinarily that would
mean that kibbons should bring good prices—high prices when the increase
in the cost of the raw material is considered.

All the more notable, therefore, is this offering of Ribbons at prices far
below the regular. All sorts are — there is complete variety
of choice and with every selection there is a price saving. Here are
instances ;

Fancy taffeta Ribbens, one inch wide; all light colorings; suitable for children’s hair an
dress trimmings; regularly 7c. a yard, at. .ccecc cece cree ee tee eee eee eee eeeeegarvul Se,
Fancy taffeta Ribbons, 3% inches wide; cord and lace effect poneree in pink, blue,
white, Nile, mais, heliotrope, and red. This is a soft finish Ribbon much wanted for
rosettes, neckwear and children’s hat trimmings. This grade and width has never been sold
for less than 19c., but to-morrow’s price for it will be. ........ 00. ee0 eee Bee a yard
Last comes another lot of the satin and gros grain Ribbons we spoke of the other day,
They are the best quality made in America and all the good light shades such as pink, blue,
mais, lavender, white and cream are represented. Some pieces have slight imperfections im
the weave, which are scarcely noticeable and which do not hurt the desirability of the Rib-
bons in the least. They hurt the price, though, and just in time for the May walk dresses
these Ribbons are marked as follows:
3% in. wide,

2 in. wide.
42¢,
25c. yd,

25c.
Main floor, cents

De alone
ing of
e chiete

1. Supe
Ants.”
of his
il some
greater
ty than
he RRA,
The
f prope
of cops
cult te
dwell-
ives ag
ms, but
rihwes®
wakiutl,
_ of the
y, and
definite

Nainsouok Corset Covers, round neck,
with insertion and edge of Torchon lace
and ribbon run beading, tinished off at
UNE ai 9c: 9 00-G00-e ek PGA GA RISD

Drawers, Muslin brawers, with cambric
umbrella hemstitched ruttle, others with
tucked cambric umbrella ruffle 29¢

Muslin Drawers, with ruftle of choice
embroidery and clusters of tucks... ..d9¢

Muslin Drawers, with rull rutfle of tine
embroidery and tucks above.........49¢

Walking Skirts. Muslin Walking Skirts,
cambric umbrella rutfle, with three inser-
tions and edge of cotton Torchon lace;
others with umbrella rutile of embroidery,
also dust rutfle..... 9c

The Furniture.

Mahogany finish Arm Chairs, inlaid
with marquetry and with upholstered

The Carpetings.

Ingrains of the best quality, all wool;
reguarly 75c. a yard, at........... + Bde

Tapestries of the best quality; par-
lor, library, hall and stair designs, oo
larly 75c. and BSc. a yard, at... sees.

Axninsters of high grade; beautiful
patterns and colorings; regularly $1.50
yard, at, .scersves $1.05

Bigelow Axminsters; unexcelled in qual-
ity; superb in designs and colorings; regu-
larly $1.65 a yard, at..,.. $1.15 and $1.25

Royal Wiltons; none better made; regu-
larly $2.50 a yard, priced considerably less
than the wholesale cost, at $1.25 and $1.65

Linoleums, Wild’s best printed Linoleums;
ten patterns inno one of which we have
less than 100 yards; all guaranteed regular
and well seasoned goods and regularly
sold at 8$c. to $1.00 a yard. Priced here
to-morrow at......eeee ..20c. a yard

Straw Mattings. This is one of the best
Matting offerings of the season, They
are new and fresh and clean and perfect,
and an exceptionally large and choice vari- and bolster. it can'be opened or closed

ety of the latest novelties of design and : ; : .
color, and their prices are a quarter less oo side, re . yr oun

: Matti ing-
than the same class of Mattings are Bring Reed and Rattan Rockers, regularly

ing outside of this store, £2.50, $5.00, $6.00, at $1.75, $3.50. $4.8)

China Mattings, fine, seamless and re- Porch Furniture. Rockers in red
a . ¢ » green
versible, $5.50, $6.25, $6.75 and $7.50 a and maple, with reed and splint seats, 78c

vl / a
" : * ee tton warp, $6.25 Maple Rockers, wood seats $1.29

Japan mattings, Cotton Warp, ov. High back, splint seat and back Rockers,
$7.00, $8.00 and $8.75 a 40-yard roll. in light green and red; regularly $3.00, at

Rugs. These are very good Rugs at very $2.00

low prices. The best quality of all wool
Ingrain Art Squares made by one of the
representative American manufacturers
and in an excellent and large variety of
patterns,

nd their
t of the

always
ough it
nds not
petal anv
uk notes
aper id
fe from
mow obe-
a native
Mbles an
ed head
surface
nmered
ther ex
the bote
idge the
pp of the
vile the
the hind
ne side,
ally, by
a totem,
temmay
he copper
heshape
e other
th great
se draw-
d, broad-
t meant
th sides

Colored Photographs, mounted on
glass, with gilt corners and standing
backs; generally priced at 98c., are here

Etchings in oak frames with mats.
Platinum Prints in ebony frames. Colored
Lithographs in gilt frames, All are priced

Pastels in gilt frames, 20x24 outside;
landscapes and marine subjects, are low
OfGH ivr cect accuse

seventy Odd pictures in first-class con-
dition; pastels, etchings and colored re-
productions; regularly priced from 36,50
to $10,00, are special value at. $4.98

Gilt Photograph Frames to hold four
pictures, 49¢,; to hold six pictures, ,, .69¢

Third floor, rear.

Parasols & Walking Sticks. Corded Zephyr GINGHAMS At 12/4c.

Some exceptional values in Parasols
will be ready here to-morrow. One lot
of recent arrivals covered with taffeta
silk in the pastel shades, solid colors,
fancy Stripes and Persian patterns can
hard'y wait long at the pricing... . $2.48

French plate mirror; base 48x21 inches;
cast brass handles;

Oak Sideboard, with 30x18 inch bevel |
regularly $20.00; |
14.50

r, with claw
feet; box frame; fine cane seat; regularly
re ts ORs cx ccenawases $2.25

Iron Bed Couch, with cotton mattress

Undervests of mercerized cotton, Riche-
lieu ribbed; colors, white, pink and blue;
finished with silk tapes and lace edging
around neck and arms. You will have
hard work to tell these garments from
spun silk, but the price is decidedly dif-
TRON AE) css sancveneraegscises1 Ome

Women’s Stockings. Fast black cot-
ton Stockings; double soles, heels and
OOS oxi gsi yee 4 saenaeecd eke eR

Fast black cotton Stockings, unbleached
Split SoleS...... cocvee voces hhGrd pail

Children’s Underwear. Undershirts of
eae ae : Spring weight, finished with pearl buttons
buttons ; the Drawers Sateen faced, with and silk binding, high necks and short
pearl buttons, suspender tapes and extra sleeves; knee length Pantalets to match,
deep, reinforced gussets. A perfect fit for : 24c
any sort of man at Sc. a garment
Men's Socks. Fast black cotton Socks,
double soles, heels and toes, 2 pairs ,
Weer csi arctic length Drawers to match
Fast black and tan lisle thread Socks, Children’s Stockings. Fast
ee wer : ' POE WUD iss scices sae 0s i710 panne ribbed, cotton stockings; double knees,
‘ a4 YAS. vee eeeeeeeees $5.40 Woven Wire Spring, with reinforced Women’s Underwear. Ribbed Under- heels and toes, 2 pairs for..,...... .28¢
3's yds. x 4% yds........ cable supports, 3 tt. and 3 ft, 6 size ony vests; low necked and Sleeveless; silk Fast black lisle thread Stockings; tine
SAY ESB stcsnieeaseys at.. nk severe vaMee tapes run through neck and arms, 2 ribbed; double knees, heels and toes, ,19¢
b ’
Third floor, fOlivineceis Perees sa tiar cee Main floor, front.

3 in. wide.
35c.
2ic. yd,

214 in. wide,

Regular price, 30¢.
18c. yd.

Sale price, I4c. yd.

me time,
is shown.
ing to"
y widee
sides im

Maple Rockers, upholstered seat and
back in matting, at............. .. $4.00
Bedding Specials. Pure South American
Hair made up in mattresses, 40 lbs., full
size; regularly $22.00; our price... $15.50
x Mixed Hair Mattress, 40 Ibs.; full size,
3 yds. x 215 ydS. ..secccv cree cee S400 $7.50
dvds, x 3 yds... secceceee $540 Fibre Mattress, with hair top, single
3 yds, x 3 size, $2.50; full size 78
x
x
x

Five thousand yards of these dainty corded Zephyr Ginghams will hold
a brief but brilliant reception here to-morrow. Ginghams have been
growing in favor for some seasons and this year they seem to have reached
the pinnacle of their popularity. These are in charming pink, heliotrope,

Parasols for misses and children, in all blue, black and white and fancy corded patterns, and they are priced much
Boys’ balbriggan Undervests; high es the new colorings, are priced at below value, at Skivesareatenses bitiseietadesieyE 124c. a yard
nd sho d Jong sleeves; knee and ankle : ‘ :
and short and long sleeves; knee and & 50c ; Sc. to $2.15 The Ginghams, though, make but a single illustration of the special values offered ia
For the men, there are handsome and our Cotton Dress Goods Store. The imported Swiss dress fabrics in dainty dots, figures
fashionable Walking Sticks, some of the and stripes on tinted grounds that sold at 39c. a yard until we made our present price of
new squire bamboo, some of slender 24c. a yard; the imported, silk finished Cheviots in woven colors at 19, a yard that were
penang, whangee and partridge. They twice the price; the 32 inch Zephyr Ginghams in fast woven colors that sell everywhere
are plain and silver trimmed and the at 25c, a yard and here at I4c., are typical of many other price saving opportunities that

prices rangetrom,...,.....97¢. to $2.75 are worth your personal inspection.
Main floor, front, left
-

California Corset Co,’s!
New Model

such as
, or the
Dn, = 4B
cok - ate
copper,
d OC ore
oes Next
ing this
ally the
p= is the
o-thiras
ymetimes
daments
, andin
H to be of

OVEN cai vicsasissavenny eee

3 yds,

3 yds. 300 Feather Piilows, made up in A. C.
3 yds Acticking...... 0c. eeeee+ + + BBC. each
* ude Geese Feather Pillows, 22x28, 3 lbs.
4h vat SEEDER ATE? each; regularly $2.00, at $1.39
ova Yas.
nated in
of valne
st. The
nket. ape
tistahen
sold the .
se every |

Fourth floor, Main floor, New Bullding.

trast is reversed in the “Calm,” 4 rare print,
which in the first published state has a heavy
sky and black shadows, while in the third state,
ordinarily notso fine as the first, the whole ig
lighter and mellower, with finer relations of
light and shade on the sails and hulls of the be-

DISCONTENTED TOPLITZES SUE, KILLED A MAN AND DOESN'T CARE.

Dust pure TURNER'S WORK ON VIEW.
r was bes
a pocre?
defeated.
o enable
ends will

Costello, Dreiser's Slayer, Indifferent
as to What the Law Does With Her,

When Catherine Costello was arraigned in

Allege That Their Father’s Realty Was Not | Mrs.

Fairly Sold for the General Benefit,

An Exhibition at the Lenox Library of a Part
of the Avery Collection,

Two hundred and twenty-six outline etch- Solomon B Toplitz, Martha Palmer, Sampson

ustomary
yen time,
it. Asthe
ery highs
transace
, and the
negotias
the chief
1 and a!
contem p=
the opros
takes the
ring and
is biddin
t price A
the hide
blankets
ind arrives
seller, oF
antly des
the same

nde from
ibtless et
unit of
et of the
e-made
rtain fore
val chief
d in piles,
yp for the
eR, about
ered to &
A his tribe
grows $0
property,
a copper
and more
0 do likes
considered
nee bein
broken an

rtion of &
and if he
t break @
exceeding
etom than

,

nger,
aa, thus
pcause hé
thereo
eaker ©
the grea
water, the
fd by any-
hich men
and other
initiatio
chieftain

Ings, mevzotints published and unpublished,
and photographs of the drawings for them, of
Turner's Liber Siudiorum, which form a part of
the collection of prints lately presented to the
New York Public Library by Samuel P. Avery,
have been placed on view at the Lenox Library.
The exhibition, which has been prepared under
the direetion of Frank Weitenkampf, curator
Of the department of prints of the library,
Wil be opened to the public to-morrow. It
ig interesting alike to those who enjoy land-
Wapes in black and white, who like to look
& historical reproductions and who wish to
Sidy the art of engraving. Many of the plates
were 6) sraved by Turner, butin most instances
me engraving was the work of Meers, often
air made by the artist, Turner having
ost of the drawings to the English
the originals are in the National Galiery,
i ~ ire reproduced in protograph in the
4 seotion, but the protographs serve the
Purpose, pine ed with the etchings and mezzo-
+ 8. of showing the three stages of the work
Tn producing the finished plate and print.
) 1 Avery's collection there are some prints
\ n Rawlinson 5 catalogue
‘ fe coileetion of the Liber Studiorum as a
would Pee phably unique in this country and
ort dificult to duplicate anywhere, the |
Fear all being early impressions. The plates |
cord Turner's alphabetical classification of |
4 work i* Pastoral, Elegant Pastoral, Marine,
whigtaino ts, Historical and Architectural, |
8 ii he designated by P, EF P, M. M
Roe and A. respectively. The exhibition
wi eh the frontispiece of the book
the? he central panel picturing Tyre and }
"Bridge of Kuropa. Running on from it are |
bourse tnd Cows’ (PY) "Woman and Tam-
sere ME Pd. “Jason,” advancing upon the
mpeeit (HW). Ships in a Breeze," or the
by th nontSea Piece,’ the picture being owned
Gothar Parl of Egremont (M); “Mount St
Mount ith a laden mule coming from
‘athedent ry 5S), and " Holy Islan
There i "The F > ” wi
2 is The Fifth Plague of Egypt,” with
Kshtning raw ing over the Pyramids, ground fires
dead ge it Plain. and a dead horse and its
Which Ger jn a heap at the roadside, before
foe thee halted two fearful figures, one kneel-
ing A tee ee ering over the plain, A ‘‘Draw-
hot vat 1. ‘iyde.’’ if Kawlinson ever saw he did
Which vue Women are bathing at the river;
dase mp issing through agorge. Light from
adow , l¥h rocky cliff at the left, in the
throngy, Of whi h the women linger, passes
Over han 'rees at the clits edge and falls upon
Whict ee foliage of the Opposite bank,
Gitta, Penuble beyond its umbrageous
Doints int None ean Miss the — interestin
the inc) Th" Crypr of Kirkstall Abbey,’ wit
; ality ot the reflected light from the
+) (he flost published state of the mezzo-
ore thet Utterly lost in the second state,
te, a | ceiling is dead; whilein the second
oved sh and faulty shadow has been re-
Bae pai the central pillar, as Rawlinson
, *@ out. On the other hand, the con-

calmed fishing-boats, which, as is familiarly
said of mud-scows, are all in a buneh. :

There is atria: proo! of “Mer de Giace, Valley
of Chamoun,” which is not in Rawlinson, and a
rare print of the first pub ished state, There is
arare mregzotint, first published state, of "Ben
Arthur,” Scotiand, with tumultuous thunger-
clouds over a glen, through which, below, runa a
brook. Inan “interior of @ Church,” which is
Gothic, light from candles fala upyn priest and
people, and the mural features are done in great
detail. “Christ and the Woman of Samaria”
shows Christ more horror-stricken than the
Bible account is commonly taken to suggest,
facing the woman at the well, who stands back
to the spectator, and behind Him a little way oj
two figures approach from an archway, oneo
them qubic us enough to be St, Thoiwas

In the new htrary building in Bryant Park
the print and architeeturel rocms and picture

alleries ara to occupy the whole Fitth avenue
ront, ’ ,

VAN OWNER WOULDN'T TELL.
He Moved Mrs. Ziogler’s Goods, but Wouldn't
Tell Her Husband Where To. |

Mrs. Fritz Ziegler, wife of a baker of 024 |
Broadway, Wi!liamsburg, left her home a week
ago, taking along her three small children and
$200. She was accompanied by Jacob Bloom, a
corpulent 16-year-old boy who was form-
erly employedinthe bakery. Ziegler learned
that Peter Mos ley, a turniture van owner of
110 Gwinnett street, had moved the woman's
things and he demanded to know where the
articles had been taken Moseley_ refused to
tell and the baker haled hin: to the Lee avenue
Police court on a summons. Mag.strate Kramer
asked Moseley where he had taken Mrs. Zieg-
ler's things and Moseley refused to tell,him,
adding it was purely a business transact on and |
that he did dot reveal such secrets. Magistrate
Kramer upheld the van owner and dismissed
the summons,

MURDERER GERHARDT'S PARDON,

Indignation in Sallivan County Over the Gov-
ernor’s Action,

Mipperown, N. Y., May 12.—Jdacob Gere |
hardt, the Sullivan county murderer, who was
recently pardoned by Gov. Roosevelt after
serving nineteen years in Clinton Prison, re-
turned on Saturday to the scene of his crime.
There is an intense feeling of indignation there
at the Governor's action. A Sullivan county

aper says: ;

” rin the complete possession of bis senses,
for neither expert nor his counsel ever rais
the plea in his behalf that he was insane, he
struck a worthy woman over the head with a
heavy iron crowbar, fracturing her skull, and
then, to make his bloody work secure and sure,
nuinded her head into a shapeless mass wit
eavy stones. It was a gréat miscarriage of |
justice that he was not hanged, but pound Se, |
0

tenced for life, the sentence of the Court s'
have respected by the Governor.”

L. Toplitz and Berthold L. Toplitz, of the eight
children of the late Lippman Toplitz have
brought an action in the Supreme Court to set
aside an auctionsaleof part of their father’s
estate. Their father died on Jan 2, 1497, leav-
ing an estate, estimated at about $3,000,000, His
will disposed of personalty but not of the realty,
and Harry J.. Toplitz, who isa lawyer, was ap-
pointed administrator with the will annexed.
The realty became vested in the following
children: Martha Palmer, wife of John Palmer;
Solomon B. Toplitz, Sampson L, Toplitz,
Berthold L., Toplitz, Harry |. Toplitz, Betty L.
Hilborn, wifo of Max Hilborn; Florence Rose
Doctor, wife of Albert A. Doctor; Rdgar M. Top-
litz, subject to the dower interest of Einma I.
Toplitz, widow of decedent

Harry L, Toplitz had managed the whole es-
tate since the death of his futher. It was agreed
last January thatthe realty should be sold at
ublic auedon on March 6 at the Real Estate

xchange, the sale to be under the manages
ment of Harry |, Toplitz, It is alleged that
Harry J, Toplitz entered ipon a conspiracy to
prevent general bidding at the sale and to have
the property bought in by a syndicate he
formed, consisting of himself, his sister, Betty |
M. Hilborn; bis mother, Enama J. Toplitz, and
his brother, Edgar M Toplitz. In order to have
the property go cheap to the alleged syndicate,
itis alleged, Harry L.. Toplitz eireulafed ihe re-
port that the property would be bought in by
the family, andin this way many probable bid-
ders were kept from making bids on the prop-
erty

Itisstated that two rarcely out of thirteen
were sold to bona fide bidders but that the other
eleven parcels were taken in by the syndicate
at figures which in the aggregate were from
75,000 to $100,000 less than the property should
vave brought ata public sale

The complaint asks that the property which
the members of the syndicate bought be par- |
titioned among the eight children, subjeet to
the dower of their mother, as if there had heen
no sale,

THE REV, DR, MADISON CC, PETERS |

Likely to Receive a Call From the Sumner
Avenue Baptist Charch,

The Rey. Dr. Madison C, Peters, who resigned
the $7,000 a year pastorate of the Bloomingdale |
Reformed Church recently to become a Baptist,
is likely to recelve a eall to the vacant pulpit of
the Sumner Avenue Baptist Church in Brook |
ya as the successor of the Rev William B
Needham He has made arrangements to cone
duct the services ar the chureh on the Friday
evenings of June and July, and it le uaderstood
he has promised to give a call to the pastorate
careful consideration, Although there are
some rich members in the congregation, the
salary would probably not be half as much as

eters received from his Reformed flock at
mingdale,

the Yorkville police court yesterday, charged
with shooting and killing Polloeman Philip ©
Dreiser in her rooms, at 23 East Fifty-second
street, Magistrate Hogan asked her if she
hada lawyer to advise her. She replied that
she had not and did not care forone Her ten-
zoaroe daughter Fllen stood beside her on the
widge. The prisoner went to court in a pink
and white striped wrapper. One of the tenants
in the house where she lived brought her @
purple skirt, which she slipped) over her
wrapper Detective MeCauley of the Last
Fifty-first. street station made an_ affidayit
eharging her with homicide. The Magistrate
assigned James Nugent to defend her and
oatponed the examination until to-morrow
Shen the woman went to the Bast Pifty-first
street station to give herself up Friday night
she said she had shot Dreiser because sha be-
lieved that he was her husband and she loved
him so she could not live apart from him, He
had just secured a divorce from her

To Factlitate Travel to Coney Island To-day,

The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company in
order to facilitate travel to Coney Island to-
day wil ran the cars on its lines under a head-
way of threaor four minutes. Through trol-
ley cars will be run fromthe Manhattan end of
the Bridge on the Court street, Third avenue
and Fifth avenue lines, The Fifth avenue cars
willbe runover the old West Fnd route and
the inconvenience of having to transfer at the
Union Depot, Fifth avenue and Thirty-sixth
street, will be done away with. Cars will be
runfrom Thirty-ninth street ferry by way of
the Fifthavenue and Bighty-sixth street line
The elevated cars onthe Fifth avenne line will
be run under an inereased beadway and = pas-
sengers Will be transferred to the surface cars
onthe old Culver road at Thirty-sixth street

o \ i

New Partridge.

One would itmagine that, with the modern fa-
cilities for travelling, the hunters had long ago
discovered all the game birds and their haunts
in every corner of the world, But, to the sur-
prise of everybody, a brand new partridge bas
Juet turned up It is called the Siberian par-
tridge Jtis(oundin the mountains of southern
S'tberfa, although Manehoorla is believed to be
its real home
which give to its meat a peeullarly delicious
flavor. Vhe birds are killed in the winter, and

alter a thorough fre zing, they are packed and |

sent by rail to Liban on the Baltic ‘rom there
they are taken to London where they are sold
for somethinat less than a dollar a brace As
many us 400,000 brace have already reached the
London market

lofayettc Post to Entertain Gen, Otis,

Major-Genf{Otis, now on the way from Manila
to San Franeiseco on the transport Meede, has

accepted an invitation froin Lafayette Post, 140, |

of this city, to be presentat a banquet in his
honor welcoming him home, The exact date
for the banquet has not been determined yet.

It feeds upon littl wild nuts |

“Frisco”
Straight
Front.

Low
Bust.

The “Frisco” is Perfection, It is straight
front and low bust, and reins the other
features of our corsets, reducing abdomen 4

to 12 inches and lengthening waist 1 to 3 |

inches,
parlors and be fitted.
call we will send catalogue on application,
We have only our Brooklyn place and our
goods are not sold in stores. We do a large
mail order business and solicit more.

We invite all interested to visit our |
To those who cannot |

California Corset Co.)

Fulton & Hoyt sts., Brooklyn, N.Y. Fntrance Hoytat

NO MORE SCENT TRANSFER FARES? |

It ts Expected That the Manhattan-Third Ave- |

nue Agreement Will Be Terminated,

It is assumed as a matter of course by several |
persons interested in street railway matters |

that when the details of operating the Third
Avenue road asa part of the Metropolitan «ys-

tem are completed the present transfer arranges |
Chicago Company Accases George J. Barg-

ment, based on an eight-cent fare, between the
| Third Avenue Company and the Manhattan
Elevated Railway Company will be abolished

When the arrangement was effected it was with |

the understanding that it might be discon-
tinued at any time at the pleasure of either
COMMpAny -

The Metropolitan system, with its many cross-
| town and north and south lines, together with
| the Third avenue lines, railroad men say, will be
a combination sufficient unto iteelf so far as
transfers are concerned

President Vreeland of the Metropolitan Street
Raliway (tempany said yesterday that the reud-
juscnent of transfers was one of the details that
| had not yet been considered and Edward Lan-

terbuchof the Third Avenue Company said that

no definite plan had been adopted

There Is No Disputing

the desirable assoeiations formed through using the
advertising columnsof THE SUN, A reader of THB
SUN may be reiled upon as an Independcat American
Ciaen.— Ade

WUSIC SELLER HELD FOR irnerr. | MERCHANT

store at 74 Fifth avenueof the Willlam MeKin-
ley Music Company, a Chicago concern, Was ar-
rested yesterday

| West 112th street, by Detective Herrlich of the
Jefferson Market court squad
was sworn out by former Assistant District At-
torney Vernon M Davis, who charged Burg-
heim with stealing $10,214.19 from
ployers
appropriated the firm's money by
falke entries inthe books,
expense account and withholding of cash re-
ceipts
10,000 bail for examination on Tuesday, and re- |
used to keep the court open after noon, the | take the fleid
regular olosing hour on Saturday, in order to

give him time to find

Easefelt

Women’s Lace Oxfords

THE PERFECT SHOB
FOR WOMEN.

All Leathers.
Every known
Modern Styie.

J. & T. Cousins,

498 Fulton Street.

(Bond St. Corner)

BROOKLYN.

90000900000 000008

AND SEAsFIGHTER,

heim of Stealing 610,000, ner of Sarmiento & Co,

George J. Burgheim, taanager of the branch Mail

advices from

morning at his home, 256 | the seaport of Barranquilla

who is in charge of the rebel’s naval foroe, as
flagship, Was purchased in Lurope at a cost ¢
£30,000 tis said to be armed
Hotchkis
large caliver
length

(rey sarpnento
nat

‘The warrant

his em. Ihe craft eu

rhe complaint alleges that Burgheim

nieans of Chas Agured preninentis
overcharmes in the
Sariniento dé Co
ican export firms of London,
tion began he immediately left his business t
Gen Sarmiento is wealthy an
pas voniributed liberally to the reveludenasp
wo, .

Magistrate Moti held the defendant in

a bondsman, .
e

 

Colombian Rebel Navy Under the Sentor Part

Colombia say that the
revolutionists have now a fleet of thre@@un-
boats which are expected to attack Savanilla,
One of these, the
toyo, which is used by Gen. Siervo Sarmiento,

with several
and Maxim guns and some rifles of
sures 185 feet in

vho commands the rebel
in the revolu-
He is the senior member of the firm of
, one of (helargest south Amere
Vhen the revovue