ee

a Pee els

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

eee

 

SOME NEW BOOKS.

British America.

The third volume in “The British Empire”
series is entitled British America (Funk & Wag-
nalleCo.), Tothe aim of the series we have pre-
viously referred. The author of each of the
lectures now published was invited to give a
short account of the particular country discussed
by him during the period preceding its in-
corporation with the British Empire, ita colonial
history, the effect of the connection with Great
Britain on the vountry and the natives, and the
outlook for the future, To these topics were to

 

.

be added the conditions for colonization, of trade |

and commerce, the state and local governinent
and the laws of the country, especially where
there was any great difference between them
and those of the United Kingdom. In the
volume before us the subjects treated are
the provinces composing the Dominion of
Canada, Newfoundland, Bermuda, the Baha-
mas, the West Indies, British Honduras, British
Guiana and the Falkland Islands. Altogether
twenty-four lectures will be found here re-
produced, among the authors of whicl may
be named Lord Srratncona, High Commis-
gioner for Canada; Paren Byrne, Agent for
Ontario; Sir Wu.t1am Rosinson, late Gov-
ernor of the Bahamas and also of the Wind-
ward Islands and of Trinidad, and Stpnry
Ourvisr, Colonial Secretary of Jamaica, On
the lectures relating to the Dominion of
Canada and to the British West Indies
we need not at present dwell, fnasmuch as
several other books dealing with those subjects
have been reviewed in these columns within
@ comparatively recent pariod, We shall con-
fine ourselves, therefore, to what certain spe-
cially qualified writers have to tell us about
Newfoundland, Bermuda, the Bahamas, Brit
{eb Honduras, British Guiana and the Falkland
Islands.

The island of Newfoundland {ts nearly as
large as the State of New York; that is to say,
it comprises about 42,000 square miles. The
mass of the inhabitants reside in that portion
which stretches from Cape St. John to Cape
Race, and from Cape Race to Cape Ray For
many years past there has been very little
immigration into Newfoundland, while the emi-
gration therefrom into the United States and
Canada seems to have been considerable. Ac-
eording to the last census 97 per cent. of the
present inhabitants are native-born, Religion
and dialect give a clue to their origin. Of the
210,000 persons enumerated only 1,600 are Pres
byterians. These are engaged chiefly in mer-
cantile pursuits, are mostly of Scotch descent,
and, though more influential than their num-
bers would indicate, are late comers, ‘Their
entrance into the island can scarcely be placed
at a date earlier than the beginning of this
century. The next considerable division Is
furnished by the Roman Catholics, who dwell
within the peninsula of Avalon and who come
from the south of Ireland. They number
about 73,000, the inflow of most of them
may be referred to about the middle of the
last century. Arthur Young gives a lively
description of the brisk trade which existed
in his day between Cork and St. John's. The
residue of the population of Newfoundland
belong to the Church of England and the
Wesleyan body. They are of English descent,
Mr. Beckles Willson, who recently journeyed
through the island, detected almost everywhere
outside of St. John’s among the English-speak-
ing inhabitants the habits, customs and dialect
of Devonshire. That is not remarkable when
we consider the close relation of the western
and southwestern coasts of England to the
fishing banks of Newfoundland.

The growth of population and the develop-
ment of industrial enterprise brought about
the establishment of representative institu-
tions in Newfoundland in 1882. The year 1842
witnessed the constitutional experiment of an
amalgamated house, the Legislative Council,
which was an appointive body, being fured

~~ with the elected Assembly, In 1848 there was a

reversion to the ordinary type of crown-colonial
government, which was followed by the re-
sponsible or Parliamentary régime in 1855
Newfoundland was the last of the Aflantio
provinces of British North America to receive
the last-named boon. Like Nova Scotia and
New Brunswick in pre-Confederation days,
Newfoundland has shown herself inclined
to centralize political power. Municipal
institutions have yet to begin their career.
Outaide of a Council in St. John’s, which is partly
elective, and has of late incurred a debt, the
management o/ local affairs is in the hands
of certain boards appointed by Government,
and the cost of roads and bridges. of school
establishments and improvements generally has
been defrayed from the collective revenues of the
island. While Newfoundland has thus es-
caped the annoyance of rates and assessments,
she has failed to enlist local sympathies, at-
tachments, interests and responsibilities in
the promotion of the welfare of localities.
The later history of the colony and its actual
condition are intimately connected with the
so-called supply sv-tem and its consequences,
Attaining its maximum in the ‘60s, this
system had many features of a monopoly,
for it was centred in the hands of a small body
of capitalists called “merchants,” who resided
in the chief towns, such as St. John's, Harbor
Grace and Carbonear. [1 wielded almost
absolute power over the main industries
of the country. the eod and seal fisheries,
and had brought within ita grasp the import
as well as the export trade In the case of the
cod fishery the mode of business is described
as follows’ Advances of truck known as “sup-
plies,” and consisting of such things as tackle
nets, twine, canvas for sails, clothing and
provisions, were dealt out to fishermen or mid-
dlemen in the spring, at prices which would
cover the risk of joss and prospective profit.
In the autumn a return would be made of the

on'’s catch, which on being sorted was

to the credit side of the account, generally
at the price then ruling in the local market.
Further supplies were then required for the
winter, and would be obtained usually at the
same rate, the sum still due the merchant, if
any, being carried over to the next season. In
the seal fishery the same order was observed,
except that there was a joint venture, continued
only for a month, and the advance was limited
to a “kit.” In defence of the merchant's
obarges, it was said that he ran the risk of a
bad season and of fluctuations tn the foreign
market. On the other hand, it was noted
that he held the lever at both ends and could,
at least where he had many “dealers,” re-
coup from one the losses he might have suf-
fered from another. In any event, it was a
system that left much to the discretion of the
individual, and lent itself easily to the pro-
duction of good dealers and bad dealers, of good
merchants and bad ones.

Now it was precisely in the ‘60s, in the
heyday of “supply,” that what was known as
pauper relief was introduced in Newfoundland
and quickly increased to alarming propor-
tions. The government of the enlony found
itself constrained to intervene and distribute
sustenance to the people throughout large
districts. Relief, once given, had to he con-
ténued, and prosperity seamed to make little
difference as to the need for succor. Pauper
relief, in a word, proved to be nothing more
than a governmental supplement to ‘supply.”
That a system so open to abuse would ultimately
come to an end had been long foreseen, but
the exact form in which the crash would come
was not revealed until Dee. 10, 1804, when the
Union and Commercial Banks, the only banking
institutions in the tsland, closed thelr doors.
Mr. T. B. Browning, the author of the lecture
on N@Pfoundland, expresses the opinion that
had the island entered the Canadian Confedera-

tion in 1867, she might, by the upgrowth of
subsidiary industries in agriculture, mining
and manufactures, have decentralized her
business as happened tn tha case of Nova
Scotia. and thus might have evaded the
crash altogether or in great part K vents
pursued a different course Many cases
seem to have contributed to the finapeial eatas-
trophe the depreciation of Newfoundland

Products in foreign countries owing to hostile
tariffs. a fire that destroyed the greater part
of St. John’s: the division of many estates

through death. and the consequent withdrawal |
of capital from business, and, above all, the | rangemeuts. After 1629 the population im | ber till April refreshing winds from the

 

| large diacounta running over a series of years,
which had been made to the principal business
| houses in the hope of averting the inevitable
| The blow fell principally on the merchant
| oluas, although {t was felt keenly to the utmost
limita of the island. The one institution that
stood firm was the Savings Bank, a government
institution, The crisis was eventually allayed
by a loan negotiated by the Recetver-General,
Mr. Bond, and by assistance obtained from
‘the Imperial Government through the Gov-
ernor, Sir, H, A. Murray. It ls noteworthy that
Mr. Browning does not so much as name in
his lecture the enterprising gentleman who
has come to be known as the Czar of Newfound-
land, All he savs upon the subject is that
“the late railway deal, which, when it became
| known, caused no lesa astonishment among
the Newfoundland electors than it didin Canada,

 

 

——

creased with relative rapidity, being computed
at 8,000 in 1679, including slaves, Up to the
outbreak of our Revolutionary War the in-
habitants of the Bermudas found in the Amer~
ican colonies a mart for their produce. But
after the Peace of 1783, the prosperity of the
islands began to decline and has never been

| entirely restored

Tho Bermudaa have enjoyed representative
{natitutions almost from the date of the first
colonization: the Executive, however, being
appointed and controlled by the Llome Govern-
ment, is independent of the local Legislature
The Governor, deetgnated by the Crown, is a
general oMfcer, who also commands the garrison,
He ts assisted hy an executive oouncil of six, some
of whom are ex-officio members, the others
belng appointed by the Governor, The Lagis-

| lature consists of the Governor, the | egislative

recalls to mind the drastic measure Nova Scotia |

took to get rid of her mines in early days, when

the fishery interesta and the prejudices en-
| gendered by it were all powerful. A railway

which ran from end to end of Newfoundland,

and oost $13,000000, and which, although as
| yet debarred from continental tramMie, has a@
substantial trade of a local kind, was sold to
the contractor (Mr. Read} for $1,000,000. Lest
he should be exposed to fear of loss, the dry-
dock In St. John’s, the Government telegraph
lines and 8,000,000 acres of the ungranted lands
of the colony, mines included, were thrown
iuto the bargain. So eager was the Igis-
lative Council to closethe deal that it pushed
the bill through in ten minutes, beating its
own best record.” Mr, Browning is convinced
that Newfoundland, like Nova Scotia, will
have to resume, in the end, her lands and public
works, acerued rights being duly respected, Tn
the meanwhile, he seems to see some justii-
cation for the hope that the course of develop-
ment will not be stayed, and that lands, mines
and railways will be turned to account.

The most tnteresting part of the lecture on
Newfoundland the chapter allotted to
the assets of the tsland, its means of sub-
sistence, recuperation and advance, which
are considered under the three headings, “The
Sea,” “The Soll,” and “The Subsoil.” It should
be noted that Newfoundland statistics are
framed to show the export value and volume
of the fisheries, but not the actual production
As a matter of fact, the home consumption
is large, and can be scarcely less than $10
per head a year As in other industries,
fluctuations occur from year to year, but, if we
reckon by decades, we find that the returns
from the Newfoundland fisheries show a marked
degree of constancy as far back as 1824, The
chief fishery is that of the cod, and the mean
annual export is 1,205 000 quintals of 112 pounds
each. The average value of the quintal in the
home market is $2.75. The cods swarm upon
the coast at three periods of the summer, as
| well marked by shoals, or sculls of bait to-day

as they were in Whitbourne’s time, (seven-

teenth century) “The one of them follows
on the herrings, the other, on the capelin,
which is a fish like the smelt, the third on the
squid, which {s a fish something like the cud-
dell” The curing of the cod consists in salting
and esun-drying. When culled and packed,
the fish are sent mostly to warm climates and
to Latin peoples. Italy, Spain, Portugal and

Brazil are Newfoundland's best customers;

Brazil took last year more than the three other

countries combined. The imports from those

countries into Newfoundland were not valued
at a tenth of the salt ood exported. Next in
importance is the lobster fishery, which, al-
thoug': of but recent date, gives amployment
to some 4,500 persons. The exports of 1808 were
valued at $619,000. Steps are being now taken
to guard this industry by prescribing zones
and seasons for the catch, by protecting the
young lobsters, and by securing careful pack-
ing in well-tinned cans. The seal-fishery occu-
pies the third place. Some years ago, seals
were commonly taken on shore, but the number
of them in the North Atlantio seems to be de-
creasing, and the steamers which are now
used have to go long distances. The value
of the oil, formerly much prized in lighthouses,
has fallen of late years, owing chiefly to the
supply of petrolkum. On the other hand, the
price of the skins has so risen, that, ina consider-
able term of years, the money value of the seal
industry appears fairly constant. The herring
industry of Newfoundland {s at present suffer-
ing an eclipse. Twenty or thirty years ago,
one might see in the harbor of Montreal ninety
to a hundred thousand barrels of Newfoundland
pickled herrings of the large variety found
off Labrador. To-day, you will scarcely see

a barrel, One reason {s that the consumption

of salt fish of any kind ts decreasing in North

America. It is also alleged that, while the

quality of the Newfoundland herring is ex-

cellent, the method of assorting, pickling and
packing them leaves mich to be desired. What
gives the Scotch producers of herrings their
contro! over European markets to-day, sur-
passing in this respect their former masters,
the Dutch, is not a better raw material,
but an improved mode of handling {t, which
results in @ superior commodity. It also ap-
pears that the more popular methods of pre-
paring herring by kippering or smoking, or
with oil or vinegar, have not, toany large ertent,
been introduced into Newfoundland, A suit-

able means of preserving the capelin is also a

desideratum, for this is said to be the dalntiest

table fish in North Amertean waters. Strange
to say, salmon sells in St. John's during the
season for four cents a pound, whereas its

price in London seldom falls below 36 cents,
t is still pickled in Newfoundland in the old-
fashioned wav. and shipped in tierces

Passing to the soil and subsoil of Newfound-
land we learn that one-third of the island,
or 14,000 square miles, consists of lakes, ponds
and rivers: of the remainder, nearly a third,
or 00% square miles (five and three-quarter
million acres), is adapted for farming, a con-
siderable portion of it being forest land. where
white and vellow pine, red, white and black
spruce, larch and fir, white and yellow bireh,
whi.e and black ash, with varieties of the pop-
lar flourish, Only 179.215 acres, however
were under cultivation at the date of the list

 

is

census. The returns reached an aggregate
of $1,562,000 for the year, or nearly $10
an acre. If, to this sum, be added the asti-

mated value of cattle and domestic animals
the total agricultural assets of Newfoun dian
in 1891 may be computed $2,295 000. As
the home produce at present does not equal
the home consumption tha prospect before
the farmers is encouraging, The eustoms
returna for 1897-08 exhibit an importation
of distinctively agricultural products valued
at almost a million dollars, All of these articles
of food might have been raised upon the island.
We may here mention that the export of lumber
and wood pulp shows a gratifying increase
Coal measures traverse Newfoundland from
the west coast in a northeasterly direction,
and intersect the railway line at many points
Several of the deposits are of lignite, but both
anthracite and bituminous coal of very fine
quality are found, One outerop on the western
shore ts reported to have a thickness of twenty-
raven feet, and to contain, approximately,
twenty-five million tons. Conception Bay pos-

 

sesses a variety of hematite iron ore which |

yields, on analysis, from 50 to 62 per cent. of
metallic iron. The quantity estimated to he
in sight on Belle Isle is forty millon tons. In
the north of Newfoundland. near the so-called
Exploits, ia to be found an iron pyrites which
returns 58 per cent, of sulphur. The island
ranks sixth among the copper-producing coun-
tries of the world. The ore for the most part,
is a sulphuret containing from 8 to 12° per
cent of pure copner. The chief deposits
are found in serpentinas, which, although not
completely prospected, are known to stretch
across the island in a belt about forty miles
wide. We observe, lastly, that the total value
of the mineral exports of the tsland ending
June 30, 1899, fell but little short of eight million
dollars

 

i.
The Bermudas have mae historical and
strategic than geographical importance. The

evtire area of the islands is only about 19%
square miles. According to the

Council and the House of Asaembly, the for-
mer, or upper house, has three official and six
unofficial members; the nine parishes return
four members each to the House of Assembly,
the el-ctoral qualifications being the possession
of freehold property of not less than @60 value

| which is raised to £240 for membership of tho

ccs cme iia eeiemecetiiapciaiieeiaiiad a

census of ,

i801, the population was 15,013, including whites |

and colored persons in the proportion of 2 to 3.
These figures are exclusive of the garrison,
which varies according to circumstances
| The original settlers of Bermuda seem to have
, been three men left behind by Sir George
Somers, who was wrecked there in 1609, and
departed thence for Virginia in the following
vear. In 1612 the Virwima Company sent ont
a party of tiftv settlers, under the charge of
j one Richard Moore. Several hundred emi-
| grants were forwarded to him fn successive
batches shortiy afterward, but they seem to
| have overtaxed the resources of the islands
and, as a consequence, suffered from priva-
tions, Subsequently the islands were divided
| into nine parishes, which still constitute the
hasis for the political and ecclesiastical ar-

ARERR ene CNR Fe) re

Assembly, The members of both houses aro
paid $2 a day while sitting; this sum is intended
to cover expenses, as many of the members
live at a distance, The elections for the A®
sembly are septennial. The common law of
England, supplemented by a number of loeal
acts, is enforced in Bermuda, and justice
fe administered by a chief Judge,
two assistant Judges and three police
Magistrates. The seat of government was
originally situated at St. George's, but the
interests of merchanta and shipowners de-
manded a business centre further to the wast-
ward, and in 1793 the town of Hamilton, in
Pembroke Parish, was incorporated, and took
its name from that of the Governor for the
time being; in 1815 it replaced St. George’s as
the seat of government.

A very important event for Bermuda was the
decision of the Imperial Government to make
it a naval station. Admiral Murray, who gave
his name to an anchorage to the north of St.
George's, recommended the construction of
a dockyard in 1794, and Capt. Tinder, R. N.,
fixed the naval station upon Ireland Island.
Large sums of money have been spent on the
defence of the archipelago. The dockyard
is of great utility, and the British North Amerie
ean squndron continually has recourse to it; it
contains the largest floating dock tn the world,
which, however, is not of capacity adequate
to the proportions of the greatest modern irons
clads, and it is proposed to build a dry
dock of sufficient capacity, It is well known
that telegraph communication between Berinuda
and Halifax was opened on July 14, 1890. The
system has been recently extended from Bere
muda via Turk’s Island to Jamaiva and the
West Indies. The extraordinary strategic value
of Bermuda, considered as a naval and military
station, is attested by its isolation, there being
no other island within hundreds of miles that
could be utilized instead of it. Its position
with reference to the whole of the North Amer-
ican coast, from Newfoundland to Florida
and the West Indies, is unique, for, if the island
be taken as a centre, and a radius of from 700
to 1,000 miles be assumed, we find that it com-
mands all of the enormous coastline washed
by the Atlantic, as well as the outer fringe
of the West Indies

Tt is to be noted that there are neither rivers
nor spring# on the islands, the soll and rock
being so porous that, even after the heaviest
rain, the ground quickly dries. Water for
domestio and other purposes has to be caught
on the roofs, or in specially prepared recepta-
cles, and stored in tanks. Bermuda having
no rainy season, a drought for five or six weeks
is unusual. When the rain is exceptionally
heavy, the day {s called a “tank day,” and is
regarded with much favor by the {nhabitants,
as it replenishes the water supply. The ane
nual rainfallisaboutsixty inches. The climate of
Bermuda isa perpetual summer, the highest tem-
perature not exceeding 88 degrees and the low-
est range during the winter months being 50 de-
grees onthe average. Frost is unknown,although
on one occasion, a thermometer laid on the grass
registered 32 degrees. Tho air {6 normally
damp, being laden with moisture from the sea;
the dampness is not injurious, although it has
the disagreeable effect of producing perspira-
tion, which, of course, is intensified by the
slightest exertion. The extreme purity of the
air accounts for the healthiness of the climate,
and the great charm of Bermuda (s that you can
live, almost all the year round, out of doors,
Ordinary English clothing can be worn during
the winter months, while, during the summer,
sunstroke is scarcely ever known, and, even
in the hottest weather, a straw hat is sufficient
protection for the head

The agriculture of the islands is in a very
backward state. Nearly all the fruit has
failed. Figs were once most plentiful, while
oranges and peaches throve Figs have now
entirely disappeared, and oranges are repre-
sented by a few samples of a bitter variety,
Peaches now never come to anything, and lem-
ons and avocado pears are fast disappearing.
Whether this be due to want of care or to the

introduction of insect pests, Col. Moore, the
author of the lecture on Bermuda, does not

yretand to say. Bananas, on the other
and, do well, and so do all varieties
of melons the staple industry is the

cultivation of potatoes, onions, tomatoes and
market garden produce, exported during the
winter to the United States Jt is during the
Winter that the crops are generally harvested,
the ground during the summer being too dry
for agriculture. Flowering trees constitute
a striking feature of Bermuda during the sume.
mer. In the winter, flowers Mourish in great
variety, the roses being particularly beautiful
Live stock in the shape of cattle and sheep
have to be imported for slaughter. The latter
do not thrive on the local grass. Cows are
kept for dairy purposes; poultry thrive
The fish supply ts good, and is, for the
most part, seeured from. the circumpacent
reef. Fishpots are largely used, and the sh
taken in them are kept in tanks on the seashore,
Turtle are caught, aud can always be obtained
once a week. Bermuda at present enjoys
perfect immunity fromm reptiles, although
it is possible that they may be introduced some
day with a beneficial object in view. Toads
were imported only a few years ago to destroy
some of the insect life, but they have spread
all over the island, the climate suiting them
too well.

“The Land of the Pink Pearl” fs the pictur-
esque name by which the British colony of the
Babamas is known. Sir Willlam Robinson,
the author of the lecture on the subjeot here re-
printed, does not state the area of the group, and
no information on the subject is obtainable
from the last edition of the Enclyclopmdia
Britannica. Itis certain that the archipelago
comprises nineteen inhabited islands and
numberless uninhabited cays and islets. The
most populous island is New Providenca, the
capital of which is Nassan, with about 12,000
inhabitants. The total population of the
Bahamas is now computed at 52,000, of whom
not more than 11,000 arewhites, It is an inter-
esting fact that upon the conclusion of our
Revolutionary Wor the Royalist families in
South Carolina and Georgia emigrated in con-
siderable numbers to the Bahamas, taking
with them their slaves and establishing cotton
plantations on some of the islands. in addi-
tion to these emigrants, some 1,400 persons
apparentiy of English origin, were conveyed
from the island of Andro on the Mosquito
Coast, to the large island of Andros in the
Bahamas. Of the old Koyalist families many
descendants still exist

According to Sir William Robinson, no part
of any of the Bahama Islands exceeds the
height of 200 feet. Other authorities put the
greatest elevation at 290 feet. Compared
with the vegetation of Cuba, Jamaica and other
West Indian islands, that of the Bahanias is
insignificant) The trees that attain the great-
est height are the silk-cotton trees, and, oo-
casionally, the banyan, but all seem more or
less dwarfed when contrasted with the trees
found further south. The soil, as a rule, is
very thin, and in many places appears only
in the honeyeombed cavities of the surface:
n afew places it is rich, consisting chiefly
of vegetable moulds and the detritus of the
limestone rock. The climate of the Bahamas
may be termed mild and agreeable. During
the summer, which lasts from May till the end
of December, the thermometer ranges between
73 degrees and 9 degrees; from Novem-

ee

 

a

acini a

north cool the midday alr, and the
mornings and evenings are Iinvigorat-
ing. The total rainfall, most of which occurs

between May and November, {4 only about
fifty inches per annum. The most valuable
exports from the Bahamas is that of sponge,
no less than 1,228,000 pounds, valued on the
Kpot at $450,000, being sent away in 1807
Nome of the finest fruits in the world are
raised in the Bahamas, namely, pineapples
oranges grapefruit, lemons, writel melons,
guava, tarnarinds, avocado pears and bananas
They are exported in large quantities; for in-
stance, two and a half millions of oranges and
six hundred thousand grapefrults were shipped
in 1897; upward of five million pineapples were
exported in the same year. We are assured
that, in Bahama, sugarloaf pine, costing three
cents, but cul ripe, is far superior to an English
hothouse pine, though the latter cannot he
obtained for less than $5. The edible tur-

|

tle is plentiful, and costs only six or eight ,

cents a pound. Since the abolition of slavery
cotton has ceased to be cultivated to any ereat

extent, and the sugar cane is grown only in,

small patches. The culture of tobacco
a considerable seale was inaugurated in 187),
and three years later cigars were exported
tor the first time. The export of tomatoes
from the Bahamas amounted to only 12 boxes
in 1876, but three years later the quantity
had risen to 8,230 boxes. Over 80,000 cocoanut
trees were planted in the islands between 1875
and 1881. The sisal industry of the Bahamas
has been invigorated by the recent rise in price
of manila hemp, and the 20,000 acres now under
oultivation should greatly multiply the colony's
output of the fibre. Notwithstanding the

absence of rivers and fresh water the Bahamas
are very fertile. The principal woods pro-
duced are mahogany, ignum vite, Iron, mas-
tlc, ebony, viazeletto, logwood and satin wood
A wood called horseflesh is in great repute
for ship's timbers, being hard and practically
everlasti Animal life is restricted to the
wildcat, the raccoon and the iguana, Flamin-
goes, wild ducks and snipe are plentiful at
Andros, and several of the outer fslands are
noted for their fine pigeon shooting. Amber-
gris is occasbonally secured on the shores of
some of the islands, and the pink pearl of corn-
merce is frequently discovered in the conch,
which forms one of the articles of food.

Iv.

Mr. Sydney Olivier, the author of the lecture
on Britis Honduras, reproduced in the book
before us, seems serenely unconscious of the
fact that, under the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty,
Great Britain had no right to erect the wood-
cutters’ settlement in the Belize into a oolony,
which, neverthe!ass, was done in 1862, when
the United States were in the throes of a strug-

protest effectively. What is now alleged to be
the Crown Colony of British Honduras covers an
area of about 7,500 square miles on the eastern
slope of Central America, the territory having
been acquired by successive encroachments
upon Guatemala. According to the census of
1891 the population was 31,500, consisting of at
least six elements, to wit Maya Indians,
“Belize Creoles,” descended from African ne-
g@roes; Caribs, deported in the last century from
St. Vincent; Spanish refugees from Yucatan,
and the descendants of Enalish buccaneers,
reinforced by some Scotch and German traders
The principal industry of the settlers is now,
as it has been from the first, the cutting of
logwood and mahogany. The woodcutters
receive wages relatively high, but their em-
ployment is not continuous, being interrupted
by an annual holiday of two or three months’
duration, At one time the sugar industry
in British Honduras promised well, the yield
of the sugar cane in the rich virgin ®oil of the
clearings being unsurpassed in the West Indies,
It has collapsed, however, owing partly to the
falling price for sugar {n the world’s markets,
and partly to the high cost of labor in the colony.
Such cane piantations as survive merely sup-
ply coarse sugar and rum for local consump-
To the prevailing stagnation of agricul-
tural enterprise there is but one exception.
to-wit: the banana trade. The dearth of other
enltivated fruits and of indigenous vegetables
at Belize is remarkable. Most butelher's meat
is imported alive from Honduras and Guate-
mala, or on ice by steamers from[New Orleans.
Mr. Olivier admits that British Honduras is
comparatively less of a British settlement to-day

than it vas some two hundred years ago, when
Benbow, subsequently Admiral! of the Fleet
was cutting logwood with his partners on the
ereek that bears his name. The earlier
tiers lived and worked themselves at mania
labor in the Belize, as they had done in the
West Indies, before the full development of the
slave trade. They seem not to be able to do
60 now, neither do they seem able to train or
© to work for
adinitted

tion

 

set

persuade the ¢mancipated ne,

in agriculture It is

their profit
that, unless the labor
British Honduras must become more and mora
the home of aimedley of colored races, ortens.«
blv coérdinated by Luropean institutions. but
exhibiting little promise of joint or several abil-
ity to maintain such codrdination themselves

roblem can be solved,

v.
Before President Cleveland sent to Congress

his Venezuela message less was known on either
side of the Atlantic about British Guiana then

land of the New World. Indeed, as Dr. Fmil
Reich, the author of the lecture on the subject,
points out, there was a time not very long
ago when nobody in the House of Commons
had quite made up his mind whether the col-
ony of “Demerara,” as British Guiana was for-
merly called, was an island or a peninsula.
The Germans, however, bad long made careful
researches into the geography of Guiana, and
the works of Alexander Von Humboldt, together
with the writings of Wappaeus and Meinicke,
had been, up to the early forties of this century,
among the most important contributions to
our knowledge of South
and of Guiana in partienlar
which prevailed till recently, however, has |
now given way to a lively interest, owing to |
the fact that the boundary dispute between
British Guiana and Venezuela caused in 1596
a profound and widespread sensation, ow-
ing to the effective intervention of the United
States. Thanks to the labors rendered neces-
sary for the settlement of the boundary
question by arbitration we are at present
provided with a great deal of mate-
rial relating to the geographical, political and
commercial history of Guiana. Even now,
however, our information regarding the In-
terior of the country Is defective.

As to the physical features of British Guiana
nobody now thinks of it as forming either |
an island or a peninsula. As a matter of fact,
however, the idea of its being an island arose |
out of the true observation that Gulana proper, |
of which British Guiana forms but a part,
is, ina certain sense, an island, because through
the bifurcation of the Orinoco River the whole
of it is bounded by water. British Guiana it- |
self is bounded on the north by the Atlantie
Ocean, on the east by the Corentyne River, |
on the west by the so-called Schomburgk line,
now somewhat modified by the Paris arbh!-
trators and on the south by Brazilian Guiana,
whatever that may mean, the line hetween
this region and the British territory being as
yet unsettled. In British Guiana, as we pro-
ceed southward, we encounter first a seaboard
which, unlike that of Duteh and French Guiana, |
is not swampy, or at least not everywhere so,
but for the most part flat, alluvial land, some
twenty miles in width, admitting of easy eul-
tivation. It was in that section of the eoun-
try that in Duteh times, as well as subsequently
under English management, extensive cane
sugar plantations were established. There also
are the two largest towns of the country,to wit
Georgetown and New Amsterdam, or Berbice. |
Beyond this alluvial soil we come upon the |
basin of the Essaquibo River, which traverses |
the colony from south to north This great
waterway forms the natural connection be |
tween the colony and the valley of the Amazon |
and in course of time is certain to become one |
of the chief arteries of conmmercial life in South |
America, We encounter in the next place an |
elevated tableland, averaging 1,200 to 1,500 feet
in height, well watered and treeleas, where |
immense herds of cartle and horses can be |
snatained |

The fourth physical type presented by Dutch
Miiana is the mountainous portion of the
colony. A marvellous group of sandstone
mountains reaches its highest ascertained
summit in Roraima, a tremendous table land

America in general

 

|
about any other British possession on the muin- |
|
|
|
|
!
|

on |

gle for existence, and, therefore, unable
|
|
|
|

The indifference | 5

| consista

| sists of the Court of Poliey

  

by eight, and over

of rook, measuring four miles
- The general Ap-

5.100 feet above sea level.
pearance presented by this mountain and
the neighboring table-topped masses 1s that
of an array of huge, impregnable fortresses
In addition to thease types of land formation
there are, bealdes the Essequibo, other large
rivers, of whieh the Berbice and the Demerara |
re navigable to a considerable distagce from

the sesboard: navigable, also, are the Wainl |
ond Barina rivera in the northwest district

of the colony, and, although this advantage
cannot be definitely predicated of the Cuyunt,
Rupununl rivers, allafluents |
yet their possible use as
lines of communication with the intertor ren-
ders them of importance to the colony. We
should here mention that the climate of Brit-
is Guiana is not unpleasant, for although
warm it is not subject to sudden changes. |
Except on the savannahs, the range of the
thermometer is from 72 degrees to 87 degrees
Fahrenheit. ‘The northeast tradewind = pre-
valls on the coast lands during the dry seasons,
of which there are two, namely, from Febru-
ary to March and from August to December.
The other months of the year constitute the
rainy Seasons. the annual rainfall varying from
70 to 130 inches

Let us tarn to the natural resources of the
country and begin with its mineral wealth.
The Commissioner of Mines, in his annual
report for 1302-08, asserted; “There {s not
the slightest doubt that diamonds are to be |
found in the different rivers of the colony,
and it is possible that a dry mine may be dis-
covered in their neighborhood, The sam-
ples T have seen have been perfect, glassy,
octohedron stones of the best quality, and
I consider that the colony has a possible fu-
ture in store as a diamond producing region.”
It is certain that considerable quantities of
gold have been found in British Guiana. No
extensive mining, however, was undertaken
until 1884, when 250 ounces of gold were ob-
tained, Subsequently there was increasing
activity In this industry, and the value of the
gold produced in 1893-04 was about two and
i half million dollars, The most notable
gold-mine districts are between the Barima
and Barama rivers; on the right bank of the
Cuvuni River; on the Curunt River,not far from
its termination, on tho Caburi River, and on
the Essequibo, at the junction of that river
with the Totaro,

British Guiana produces cane sugar, highly
prived for ita exceptional quality, the exports
of which in 1896-097 were valued at about
£5,500,000. It also [produces rum, which, how-
ever, is inferior to that of Jamaica, as well
as molasses, coffee and timber. Of late the
colony, like other British possessione in the
Caribbean, has suffered severely at the hands
of the beetroot sugar factories of Europe.

The population of British Guiana is now
computed at about 283,000; a striking feature
of it is its cosmopolitan character. All the
continents upon the globe have furnished con-
siderable elements, there may be en-
countered, side by side, Hindoos,
Chinese, native Indians, Portuguese, Germans,
Dutchmen and Englishmen. There has also
been a large influx of negroes from the West
Indian islands. The coolles brought from In-
dia have proved trustworthy Ieborers: the
Portuguese are disseminated all through the
colony and form the bulk of the white popula-
tion ta the northwestern district) In former
times, when most of the cultivated land was
distributed among a few great landowners,
the poor man had but little chance of advane-
ing his fortunes. Now, however, the Colonial
Government encourages the growth of small
jand proprietors, and a well-to-do middle class
is rising. The political constitution of the
country presenta a strange mixture of aCrown
colony, a dependency and a true self-govern-
ing colony. This amorphous state of things is
due to the fact that British Guiana formerly
belonged to the Dutch, whose system of colon-
ivation was, and still is, very different from the
English. The law of Britiai Guiana is still the
Dutch-Roman law, that is to say the law of
ancient Rome, as interpreted by the Dutch
jurists of the seventeenth and = eighteenth
centuries. At the head of the administration
is the Governor appointed by the Queen, Ae
and the so-ealled Court of Polley form the
executive government. The Court of Poiiey
of fifteen members, seven officials
ind eight elected hy the direct vote of the peo-
ple The Governor has two votes and a veto
any measure at any stage. The Court of
Pohey acts sleo as alegisiati ve council excepting
for matters of taxation, which are determined
by the so-called Cornbined Court, which con-
and of six Finan-
chosen. directly by the
people, For administrative measures of
certain kinds there (s the Executive Council,
consisting of the Governor, five offlelal and
three unofficial members, nominated by the
Crown, An elective member of the Court of
Policy must be the owner of eighty acres of
land, of which forty at least must be under
cultivation, or of movable property valued
at about $7,800, or of a house or land having an
annualfrental of $1,250. Theso-called Financial
Representatives and the general electors—

the latter, by the way, number only about
2.756 must also have property qualifications.

Mazurint and

of the Essequibo,

on

cial Representatives

 

Vi,

A word should be said about the Falkland
Islands, whieh constitute the southernmost
inhabited dependency of Great Britain, lying,
as they do in the South Atlantic, between 50

| degrees and 63 degrees south latitude. They are

480 miles northeast of Cape Horn, and about
1,00) miles due south of Montevideo. The
Falklands, atter several vicissitudes, passed
finally under British sovereignty in 1832. The
group consists of two large islands, the Fast
Falkland, with an area of 3,000 square miles,
and the West Falkland, with an area of 2,800
niare miles, There are also over a hundred
small islands, having an ageregate area of
100) square miles, The climate, on the whole,
resembles that of the northwest of Scotland.
It is never excessively cold, the thermometer sel-
dom falling below 30 degrees, but chilling and
high winds prevail, especially in the daytime dur-
ing the summer months, and generally from the
west, In summer, the temperature ranges from
40 to 65 degrees and, in winter, from 30 to 50 de-
grees. The annualrainfall, which occurs almost
wholly in winter, is 28.80 inches. The summer
is remarkably dry. The soil is not favorable
to the cultivation of fruit or vegetables, being
too damp and cold. Celery, sturdy grass and
sorrel, however, grow wild. The tussock
grass, which grows in clumps to a height of
six or seven feet, and forms a fattening food
for catile, has now disappeared from the larger
islands, but still abounds on the smaller ones,
There ure no trees, and but few shrubs, In
November and December, the ground is cov-
ered by a variety of sweet-scented flowers.
The only indigenous animal is a species of fox,
but sheep, cattle and horses have been intro-
duced. Penguins and other sea-fow] are
plentiful, and fish, especially cod, are abundant.
Che population of the island in 1898, was 1,753,
nearly all of whom were of European extrac-
tion, a great proportion being Seoteh. Many
of the colonists’ sons emigrate to Patagonia.
the present population of the islands being
more than suffleient to supply the loeal de-
mand for laborers. The harbor of Stanley
on Bast Falkland is of great value as a coaling
and refitting station for vessels going round

Cape Horn Communication between the
Falklands and England is furnished onee
every three weeks by the steamships of the |
German Kosmos Company Since 1843 the |
‘lands have constituted a Crown Colony |
vith a Governor, vided by an Exeeutive |

Couneil and a Legislative Council We add |
that South Georgia, a dependency of the Falk- |
land group. 18 an uninhabited and perpetually |
ioe-hound island, lying 1.200 miles to the south-
east. It waa discovered | Capt. Cook in
1774, Capt, Weddell landed on it in 1823, and

reported that a coarse strong-hladod grass
was almost the only form of vegetation. A
Garman expedition visited it in 1882-93. to
Observe the transit of Venus M. WH

The Fight for the Visatesippl Valley.

It inust f

be taken for granted that the |

 

not
volume entitled The Misalasippi Valley in
the Cinl Wor, by JOWN FISKE ltonwhton, Mif-
flin A Co >, is a mere reprint of the lectures de-
livered by the author in is86. As a matter;

of fact, the book before us
deal of material that never
lectures, some of which was prepared before
1886 and some of it afterward) The ninth
chapter, on the battle of Nashville, has}

’ \

contains a great |
appeared in the |

} it was doubly

 

been added recently. What we have in

this volume is a purely military
narrative, detached from the multitude
of incidenta which, in a general history, |

would form the context. The story of the
war west of the Alleghanies is here followed
from the battle of Belmont to the surrender |
of tho Confederate army under Joseph FE. |
Johnston. Separate chapters are devoted to |
the capture of Fort Donaldson and the battle of

Shiloh, to the capture of Island Number Ten

and New Orleans, to the battle of Stone River, |
to the solution of the Vicksburg problem, |
to the battle of Chickamauga, to that of Chat-

tanooga, and, finally, to that of Nashville. |
The abilities and the performances of all the
principal Generals on both sides are carefully
considered, but we shall here exemplify the value
of the boak by confining ourselves to the au-
thor's sober and discriminating, yet apprecia-

| tive, commenta upon Grant's achievements.

the author {s describing the excitement pro-
duced in St. Louis by the news of the capture
of Camp Jackson by the Union forces under
Lyon, Weare told that the scene in the streets |
of the chief city of Missouri “was witnessed
by a quiet and modest-looking man, who forth- |
with stepped upon a street car headed toward
the Arsenal, whither he was going to congral-
ulate Lyon and Francis P. Blair. A dapper
youth, volublo with rage and scorn, and crav-
ing sympathy, came on board and addressed
this quiet person: ‘Things have come to a
d-—~d pretty pasa when a free people can't
choose their own flag. Where I came from if
aman dares to say a word in favor of the Union
we hang him to the limb of the first tree we
come to.’ The quiet man replied: ‘After all,
wo are not so intolerant in St. Louis es we
might be; I have not -een a single rebel hung
yet, nor heard of one’ there are plenty of them
who ought to be, however.’ At this unexpected
retort the dapper young man collapsed. The
modest person Who nitered it was a middle-
aged man quite unknown to fame, a leather
dealer named Ulysses Simpson Grant.”

On page 43 we find a reference to Grant's
early life. “He was the eldest son of a leather
dealer of Scottish descent, and was born at
Point Pleasant in Ohio, on April 27, 1822. He
was educated at West Point, and was present in
every battle of the Mexican War, except Buena
Vista In his humble rank of Lieutenant, he
had been distinguished for personal gallantry
so far as to attract the attention for arnoment of
Gen. Scott, the Commander-in-Chief, and ol the
latter's staff officer, Robert Edward Lee. In 1854,
having reached the grade of Captain, he gave

up his commission, and engaged thereafter
in business as wool dealer, auctioneer and real

1.
Grant first appears in this volume sin

estate agent, achieving little success until the
outbreak of hostilities, in 1861, found him at
Galena in Illinois, earning a scanty subsistence
in the leather trade, At that time, he was
regarded aa a broken and disappointed man
for whom no one would have dreamed of pre-
dicting @ brilliant future.” Mr. Fiske goes on
to retnind us that, when President Lincoln's
call for troops came in Apri!, Grant assembled
and drilled a company of volunteers at Cialena,
and presently led it to Springfield, the capital
of Ilinois He then wrote a very modest let-
ter to the War Department at Washington
saying that, since he had been educated at
the expense of the Federal Government, he
felt it his duty to offer his services, and he ac-
cordingly, asked for a commission. No notice
was taken of this letter. Disappointed in that
quarter, Grant went to Cincinnati, where Me-
Clellan was in command of the Ohio volunteers,
hoping thet he might obtain a place on that
General's staff. After calling twice at head-
quarters and not finding the General, he re-
turned, baffled, but not disheartened, to Illinois.
There his zeal and skill in organization soon
become so conspicuous that the Governor of
his State placed him in command of a regiment
with which he marched to northern Missouri
Not lon@ afterward, members of Congress
from Illinois) who had observed — his
efficiency recommended him to President
Lincoln for promotion, and he was, accord-
ingly, made Brigadier General of Volun-
teers, His first exploit was to seize Paducah,
{n order to blockade the lower Ohio, and com-
mand the mouths of the Tennessee and Cum-
litle later, he fought a battle
at Belmont, which, at one time, provoked
much discussion. Both sides claimed a vic-
tore, although, as a matter of fact, the Federal
loss was only 485 against 641 on the part of
the Confederates. Grant himself in his Mem-
oirs, dismisses the subject with the remark that
if the battle “had not been fought, Col. Oglesby
would probably have been captured or de-
Then

hberland A

stroyed with his three thousand men.
1 should have been culpable indeed.”
Of Grant's capture of Fort Donalson on Feb
16, 1862, a capture which involved the surrender
of nearly 16,000 prisoners, with 65 cannon and
17,000 muskets, Mr. Fiske observes on page 64
“For physical dimensions, it was the greatest
military achievement that the American Con-
tinent had yet witnessed: but its strategical
value was not to be measured by its physical
dimensions Two great rivers were laid open
for hundreds of miles, so that Union gunboats
sailed far into Alabama. * * * ‘The first
Confederate line of defence was shattered
throughout ita whole length, and the silent
man who dealt such a blow stepped at once
from obscurity into a national fame. * * *
Grant had now won a foothold in the confidence
of the people which did him and the country
|

good service in the trying time to come, when
at venente he was confronted with a problem
immeasurably more complicated and difficuit
than that whieh he had now solved at Fert
Donelson. Inthe gloomy record of the anxious
and impatient sear whieh had just passed,
this great victory was the one bright spot.
The victor became a popular here, and the
phrase ‘Unconditional surrender,’ humorous!

associated with the initials of Grant's name,
became the watchword of the Northern people
and the index of the policy which was to be
pereved until the spectre of seorssion should
e exorcised, and the work of the men who
founded this nation guaranteed forever.”

 

We have intimated that Mr. Fiske is no in-
discriminate admirer of Grant. He seems to
have no doubt, for instance, that Grant was |
surprised at Pittsburgh Landing or Shiloh.
Tt has been asserted that the end of the first
day's fighting at that place found the Federal
arniv so completely shattered that nothing
but Buell’s timely arrival could have eaved it
from utter destruction or capture. Mr. Fiske
saysthat: “A sober study of the doeumentary
evidence seems hardly to justify so extreme a
statement,” yet he adds that “doubtless it comes
much nearer to the truth than Grant and Sher-
man in their published memoirs are willing |
to admit.” The point is one on which Gen. |
Sherman in later years was sensitive. “I have
often, "says the author of this book, “heard him
repudiate with scorn the charge of having been |
taken by surprise at Shiloh. Nevertheless
the undeniable fact that when the Confeder-
ates attacked in full force on the morning of |
Sunday, April 6, 1862, the Federals were in camp
and not in line of battle, would seem to fur-
nish absolute demonstration that the attack
was not expected.” Attention is also directed
to the fac: that long as Grant
felt it necessary or desirable to keep to
his headquarters «ft Savannah (a consider-
able distance north of Pittaburgh Landing),
npon him to seeure
the position ef his army by every practicable
means. If he thought it better to employ |
his raw troops in drilling, than in throwing up
earthworks, it was an error in judgment, ex-
cusable in view of his want of experience, but
none the lese on error. His inattention to the
exposed front between Owl and Lick creeks
{5 pretty clear proof that he was not expecting
attack in that quarter for the morning of Sun-
day, April Had he been on the lookout for
such an event, would he not have snent Satur-
dav night at Pittsburgh instead of
Savannah, and wonld have left some
appropriate instructions Wallace
who owns posted i a considerable
tance in the rear of the Union army, instead
of waiting until Sunday morning? We should
also note that, on Saturday night, when Grant
visited at Savannah the camp of Gen. Nelson,
who commanded the advance division of Bue!!'s |

 

ao

ineumbert

Landing
he not
with Lew

tin

army, he told Nelson that he would send steam.
boats down for him on Monday or Tuesday,
or some time early in the week. Grant added
“There will be no fleht at Pittsburgh Landing:
we shall have to go to Corinth, where the rehel«
are fortified. If they cometo attack us, weenn
whip them, as 1 have more than twice os many
troops as I had at Fort Donelson.” ‘These ra
marks are obviously in harmony with the other
indications which show that Grant was taken
by surprise on Sunday morning

Of course the outcome of the two days’
fighting at Shiloh was the retreat of the Con
federates, who, however, were not followed
up with due promptitude by the Union foree:
Mr. Fiske’s comment on this battle i. as fol.
lows: “For the first time in the history of
the Western Continent we were called to wit.
ness such slaughter as had marked the cam.

 

palgns of Marlborough or Napoleon In pros
portion to the total numbers engaged inthe
battle, the losses were enormous If we reckon
the Confederates without their cavalry at

90.0%, Grant's army at 40,000 and Buells three
divisions which took part in the second day's

flahting at 20,000, we have a total of toon
now the loss exceeded 20,000, that to) say
two-ninths, and approaching one-fourth of
the whole.” In view of the rawness of mos
lof the troops engaged the Battle of Shioh te
pronounced peculiarly significant. “It tested

American mettie. It showed what fornidatie
flghters an industrious people, hating war
fare, could suddenly become under (he spur
of necessity. On either side, more: t
awakened such atecling of respect for the other
as had, until that day, been dormir It
also dispelled some illusions It

  

showed the
Northern people that a few vietories like Fort
Donelson would not sufficeto overthrov the
Confederacy, but that the whole Southern
country would have to be conqgiered by it
It took this tremendous battle to determine
whether the results of the capture of |

 

 

Donelson were to be permanentiy secured
As to this point, Shiloh was decisive. Tha
Federals were not thrown back oNpon
Kentucky, but advanced upon Mississipy!

 

and laid siege to Corinth, the eentre of the
second Confederate line of detence

 

Mr. Fiske ascribes to “Halleck’s imbeciite®
the fact that Grant was not permitted to take
Vicksburg in 1862, soon after theo ; n
of Corinth by the Union forces. Tou g
the surrender of that stronghold twel vee
months later we read on page 47 The
capture of Pemberton’s army was the lorgest
that, upto that time, had been toade in nocern
wartare. The nearest approach toot ad
been Napoleon's capture of the Anstran arin.
at Ulm in 1805, when he took oon
and sixty eannon At Vieksborg Grar k
87.000 men and 172 cannon, Sedan and Metz
were still in the future, There was no longer

any question as to Grant's military enpa
The Northern wild with delight
while the first ehills of despair began to creep

capture

people were

over the Southern Conlederacy |

of Vicksburg on July 4, 1868, with the weter
just won at Gettysburg, marked the turning
point of the Civ i) War Five days later Fort
Hudson, whieh had withstood a six weeks
siege and two assaults surrendered upen
hearing of the fail @) Vieksourg. On J

16 a merchant steamer, whieh had) started
for St. Louis on the sth, drew up at the wharf
at New Orieans, and, in Lineoln’s words, “The

father of waters rolled vnvesed to the se
After noting certain details of the battle at
Chattanooga, which are sometimes overlooked,
Mr. Fiske writes: “I am particular in emy
sizing these points because, a few years ago
there was a visible tendency toward the growth
of a ‘Grant levend’ in whieh that Generals
reputation was made to suffer from mispla ‘od
and undiscriminating praise Among other
things, it was asserted by Grant's injudicions
admirers that, among the world’s great fights,
the battle of Chattanooga was well nie a
in having been fought from beginning to end
exactly as jit was first planned in the brain
of the Union eommander. Now, if anything
in this world ean be said to be clear, it is that
the battle of Chattanooga was not fought os
Grant had planned it: while, at the same time,
a correct history of it shows us that one mark
of a great General is the ability to modify his
plans on the spur of the moment, and to turn
unexpected incidents to his own advantage.”
The author of this book, however, is far (rom
underrating the importance of the hatile Ha
notes that the next day after the storming of
Missionary Ridge was Thanksgiving Day, ard
that, as Halleck said in his congratulatory tele-
gram, Grant had made it a day of Thanksgsiv-
ing indeed. “Tt was in some respects the int
brilliant vietory of the war. For a batte of
such dimensions, the losses in killed and
wounded were remarkably small; sere 6.000
on the Federal side, something less on the sida
of the Confederates, who fought 1 be
hind intrenchments§ Grant captured seme
6,000 prisoners, 19 pieces of artillery and 7.690

 

oetlhy

stand of arms That the destrietioa of ’
was s0 much less than at Shiloh, or Stone River,
or Chickamauga was larxely due to the adreit
maneuvring whieh made the enemy's almost
impregnable positior ivail hind so lett In
this respect the battle of Chattinoowa ’
of the most interesting in modern } -
We are also reminded that it was one oft! t
picturesque. The immense length of ba
front, thirteen miles from Sherman's le
Hooker's right, the estraordinar (i

of the ground, the divyyv heighia scaled and
the grandeur of the seeners, all corn d to
make it) a wonderful spectacle it w t

only however, for picturesque fe
or its interesting tactics, but still more for
Strategie importance, that the battle «af (

nooga was so brilliant, ‘The viet: ariaye
henceforth undisputed 4
nooga, with all that this

ture of Vie

its

 

biplied \

1 the Con '

ksburg bad cle

in twain on the line of Mis

Chattanooga cutintwo

Alleyne

Mr. Fiske point t rhat
the final effort the war,
which began with the appointment of Ga
be General-in-Chief of all the
Union, cannot be understood without keeping
clearly before the mind the mutual relations
between the grand operations in tt
and Western theatres of Ihe work
overthrowing Tee called into play othe
cies, besides the campaigns in Virginia, whoa

vietor, at
of it on the line o

In his final ehapte:
the true character o!

armies of tha

war

 

Grant superintended in person. With recara to
the frightful tale of bloodshed recounted from
the Wilderness to Petersburg, Mr. bike d 8
whether it added aisthing to Gr
reputation as a soldier To start with
army twice as large as the enemy's, and ’
throw away 60,000 men in k jandw ted,
withont either inflicting a proportionate loss oP

foward the @
campaign, is hardly a record of great ¢

advancing perceptibly

ship, nor is it the kind of record whieh Grout
had made for himself at Vieksburg and (ata
nonga. When Grant, after three wer f
| slaughter, arrived at the North Anna hover
there could be no denbt that he bad be te
generalled, or, to isa Col Dodge's expr
had received a complete stalemate. Then oon
the horror of Cold Harbor, whieh Grant him
! self, with manly eandor, afterward de} 1
and then the chance of hase to the Janes Rover

a point which might have heen reached dt
with small lose "' By the end of July, 18%
three months of alternate
hammering against an army
sive of his own, Grant's poliev was 1
reduced to detaining Lee at Petersbure
the whole of sho
knocked away from behind le
inthe alr without a prop The business
knocking away the Confederacy fren
hind Lee was performed, not | (
but be the army with
in May, 1844, started {
toward Atlanta When Sherma ' !
at Raleigh, within 120 miles of Lee,

man, seizing the railway betwee jive

and Knoxville, cut off the po»

Mandy

searcely half tha

the Confederies

whieh oS

for Matinee’

from Virginian into the ‘Tennessee mou

the Confederacy had evidenth react

last diteh Lee's position, so lone and

fully held. had heeome untens

“nestion was whether he should

Richmond, or, letting the Contederat

ao, should unite he. torees with tiese

ston Sheridan's vielers at } Vork

away the latter alternative, and virtual) et '
| the proceedinusa, which had begun atst | on

that day of spring in 1841 whea Grant and Sher

man congratulated Lyon and Blair upea he
capture of Camp Jackson,
‘