:

Lg ST

i
tel
4

 

 

a

oe eee eee

ad

=

+ pee

graphs by it. Anadditional apparatus, whieh
not only determines the place of the bullet, but
| also shows its depth from the surface, is proving
BIR WILLIAM MACCORMACT'S OBSERes | of great value, ‘The Boers also have the X-rays

VATIONS IN THE ROER WAR. apparatus, and [saw it working at the German
: - hospital at Jacobsda),”’

MODERN BULLET WOUNDS.

 

 

SOLDIERS IN NEGROS TEACHING
THE NATIVE CHILDREN ENGLISH,

 

One Teacher Who Had to Construct First a

 

id Healing of Wounds—Stopping Power of
ee Caliber Bullets-No Trace of Explo- Often in these letters there has been quoted Visayan-English Grammar and Next a
sive Bullets-Geod aad Bad Traits of the | the evidence of presumably finpartial and Blackboard ~- Pleasures of a Two-Day
honest men as to the noble qualities of the Dance-Politics In) Knives and Forks,

Boers~The Dukedoms of Argyll and Fife.

Lonpon, May 6-—-Sir Willlaro Mactormac,
Che eminent surgeon, has come back fromSouth |
Africa and gives an Interesting account of his
experiences among the wounded at the front.
He has nothing but praise for the medical ar-
rangements of the war “The provision made
by the Government,” he says, “was so ariple
andcomplete that tt left littl or nothing to be |
desired. Nothing that provision could suggest |
er that money could purehase wae wart-
tna anywhere.”

The nursing staff also gets high praise, es-

lally the Sisters of the Army Nursing Ser-
vice, but the famous surgeon allows himself to |
gay of another class, more charitably, by the | Up the hill

Is, BELA, Negros, P. 1, March 14.—This sol-
dier game beats draw poker. Talk about ups
and downs! Only a few weeks ago Twas wad-
Ing through niuddy rive felds climbing moun-
tains on my hands and knees, swimming monn.
tain torrents on the back of a carabao and
shooting Papniclos and being shot at in) re
turn) 1 was living on mud-ernated hardtack
and bacon, drinking water from carabao wal-
lows and sleeping in any old place. TI looked
like a tramp and felt like a devil, My feet ware
covered with mud sores and 1 was black and
blue allover. And now I put on a fresh white
duck uniform every morning. I wear tan shoes,
sturched white shirts and collars, carry a silver-
headed cane and my buttons are so bright that
even the Chinos take them for gold. I eat
eight and ten course dinners, drink wine, beer

Boers. Much, of course, bas been reported
with regard to another side of ther charaoter
Hlere, for instance, are some notes written by
the ev M FP. Crawdson, a Wesieyan chaplain
with the British forces in South Africa, who has
notshrunk from saying things both good and

bad of the hard-fighting burghers
‘Ithas,” he says, “been my privilege tospend
many hours with the wounded heroes of Siin-
gersfontein and Hobkirk’s Farm, and on the
| testimony of at least @ dozen of these men who
had never seen one another since the fight, who
had ocoupied different positions on the hillsides,
ithas to be recorded that the Boers first drove
hundreds of armed Kaffirs, they

| themselves creeping up

a
way, than others at hoine have already spoken | in on their hands ae
efthem. “The work has “undoubtedly heen | knees under cover of this living taoving Wa

hampered in some casas by the interference of measure my responsibility in making this states
fadiex who know little of hospitals or nurses, | ment I warned the men who gave it me of | and cognac, and sleep in a four-poster, 1
and who wish with the best intentions to help, the terrible charge they were bringing, butall, | average three balls toa week and wear the Papa-
Dut their inexperience renders them Ineffective without exception, asserted it, said they #4W | Icing colors, red and black, on my straw hat.
for good" Speaking of hospital trains, which | the Kaffirs, spoke to them, and shot them dead You see Tam now one of the advance guards
| inscoresund hundreds) This organized piece | of civilization. About five weeks ago I was re-

Bave been so extenstyely used during the pros- | : :
ent war. and have been fitted up in the most | of savagery is one for whioh the Boer Arty | lieved from duty as a soldier—-there is no more
fiting -and made teacher of English in the

perfect manner, Sir William declares their value must take the responsibility. It was not the
@% have been incalculable ' barbarous aetion of an individual, buta p ece of | Isabela public schools, The men amuse them-
“Tn some cases, he says, “by reason of the | devilish strategy used on a gonnimepaine sone if j Selves by calling me the superintendent of pub-
lic instruction, The natives salute me with

situation, they have been able actually to go | an action of even historic importance
@n to the field of battle itself. One illustration “In my rounds | came across an Australian | hats off and address me as the maestro, About
ef the value of these was found after the battle whose leg bad been broken by an explosive | five weeks ago Gen. Smith, Military Governor

ef Colenso, where men wounded tn battle in | bullet. Te related an incident which shows | of the island, issued an order that a competent
the morning were, asa result of these hospiial | how some Boers are humane, and even chival- soldier should pe detalled in each pueplo to
trains, resting {n thetr beds ina covered butid- | reus He was lying between the rocks unable | teach English to the native children. A New
ing before 6 in the afternoon, after having | to move when a young, Welledressed Boer came | York man named Driscol, who filipustered tn
Deen conveyed some forty miles. Onefof the ; up and, addressing him in tauitless Knglish, | Cuba and understands Spanish, was detailed
most noteworthy things in this war is the speed said: ‘Are you rauch hurt, old man?) The Aus | as teacher at Binalbogau and I caught the job

 

 

 

 

with which the wounded have been pioked off | tralian trembled and blanched, for he expected | here. T had made considerable progress with
the field. In the Franco-CGerman war, I re- treachery, and prepared to receive a pistol | Spanish and some headway with the native
shot. ‘Oh, don't be afraid of mea, Lwon't hurt | dialect. ‘That pulled the seales in my favor

member, the wounded often lay where they fell
for days and nights, but Ido not suppose there |
Bas been a single battle In this war In which the
wounded remained on the fleld for twenty-four
Bours.”

Another question on which there has been
much disoussion here Ls the value of inoculation
Q@gainst enteric fever, Aovording to Sir Will-
fam, ‘No decided opinion can yet be given on

Shall [ wet When T thrst tackled the job, I figured that
Thadasnap. T had an Frglish-Spani-l Ollen-
dorf and expected to go ata gallop But J ran
up against a snag the first day. Ont of nearly
300 pupils, no more than ten understood Spanish
beyond the ordinary salutations like “Good day”
and “Good night." IT discovered this the first
day and went off by myself and figured some
more. Lestimated that there were about six hun-
dred Visayan words in daily use and that I should
beable to muster them in thirty days, espe-
elaily as Thad found that all the Visayan verbs
were regular, [ bad no Visayan books and
there was none in the pueblo. In fact. there
are few in existence, So 1 picked out a few
of the brightaat boys, some of whom knew a
ittla Spanish and one a little Latin, and started
in to construct a Visavan-kinglish @rammar
For tho first week [ devoted all my time to thie
select class and let the others go. We made
areat headway. The Visayan verb proved to
be aregular pie. “I go” was “Aco naga lacat.”
“T shall go” was “Aco maga lacat.” “T went”

(was “Aco nag lucat,” and “Wil you go” was
“Icao malujag mag lacat ” It was easier than

you, yvonare hurt enough already
vou a drink of water?’ ‘If you please’ No
sooner Was itaajd than done ‘Now Lhave two
peaches in my pocket, will you have those?’
‘Thank you very much,’ anda further benison
was bestowed. ‘You will be very faint there
with this ean pouring down on you, and the
| voung Boer sat onthe rock for an hour and a

this point since there are not yet suMeient data | half so that the shadow of his body might fail
for statistics. The observations made seem to | on hi Wounded foe Meanwhile the two dis-
@bow that those {noculated are leas apt to take | oussed polities, the Boer declaring that in the
he disease, or, if they are attacked, they have | long run the English would overwhelm the
fein a milder form, but the question ls still sub | Boors but that the price they would pay for
vietory would be appalling

“Lndividual instances of this kind rebuke a
general condemnation of the Boer race, but
against then we have to record instances like
thatof another poor fallow who declared that
he waslying on the veldt sixteen hours before
an ambulance cama acrosa him, during which
time he was visited by Boers who pitied him
with complacent words while they rifled his
pockets Nor ean forget the explovive
bullets, while the wholesa'e placing of K Mes
between two fires, and their use against a people
who, by one word, whichther refrain fromutter- | shooting papaleos Present time “naga,”
ing, would set loose thousands of war dogs, Basu- | future time “maga,” past time “nag,” the tm-
tosand Zulus, against the Boers, canonly bede- | perative “pag” and the interrogative “alujag
scribedasdiabolieal * ** The necessary hor- | mag.” the verb itself never changing. And
rors of the battlefield were ruthlessly increased | every verb conjugated alike. In a week I
by the Boers on three snceessive occasions turn- | was slinging Visayan around like @ native.
ing their Viekers-Nordenfeldt on our ambus | Alas! Great pride cometh before a long swin.
lance Wagons when they essayedto venture out | in the soup.
on thelr errandof mercy T saw thie with my The frat day that I opened up before the
owneves and as it was dona three times at ine | school in meneral, | ran up against the native
tervals noexeuse can avail Incontradistinction | schoolmaster, I hadn't spouted teu words of
to theaetionof the Boers was the conduct ef | Visayan in explanation of an English word when

our side toward the Boar ambulances Two | he began to nudge me and yeper vehemently
eroased the plains close to our guns in perfect “Malyin Visayan, or ‘Bad Visayan Then

 

With regard to the general question of wounds
@nd mortality, Sir William MacCormac bears
@ut the testimony of other obeervers as to the
fbumaneness of the Mausor and Lee-Metford
Bullet. At the aame tims he considers then
Both as suffloiently stopping missiles in civilized
warfare. Speaking generally, he found the
wounds {nfiicted by the Manser and Lea-Met-
ford to be very similar, and both much less |
fatal than the larger projectiles used in former
wars, As many as 9 percent of the cases in
the goneral base hospitals recovered and were |
discharged, a very large proportion being able
to return to duty at the front. He save

“The head, chest and abdomen may be, and
are, traversed without inflicting mortal fniury,
and ina considerable proportion of cases with-
out Inflicting permanent injury of any kind
whatsoever The rapid healing of the etiornal
wound is remarkable = [t rapidly clones under a
black seab) This charactoaristicot the external
wound in the casos of those injured by the
Mauser bullet did not differ in any material de-
gree in the wounds inflicted by the Lee-Metford

wa

  

 

 

bullet on the wounded Boers whom Tsaw at t 4 ;
: ye explained to me that the kind = of
Jacobsdal. Yet a good many of these wounds | security. Latit be so Wa had better lose At vicovan L had crammed myself with

hundred men, and our pains be doubled, than
that weatatn our national honor, and forego
our national chivalry by fAlring on the servants
A boy of fourteen, Frankie Maine

were suppurating, and as the difference be-
tween the two bullatsissosiight, the difer-
ence in resulta must, T believe, be ascribed to

Was the kind the people talked all right anough,
but that it would be beneath the dignity of a
maestro to use it. He explained that all clvi-
lized languages, and also Latin, which was

of the fallen especially entitled to respect because it was

Blargeexteant to the fact that our wounded
have been treated so speedily after tha receipt by name, wassitting on a veranda leoking at | dead contaniee many uregyier ree. ges’

. sequently al some periog in the past, * lead-
pf their iniurins with the first fleld dressing on | @ Boer position: through @ fleid glass He was | ine schoolteachers of Negros tad come to-

gether and had constructed a revised and {m-
roved Visayan bristling with irregular verbs,
le adinitted that if [ went {nto a cocoanut
roveand tried to bargain for @ shell of tuba

fh that language, the native wouldn't know

what I was trying to get at. That, ha said,
was one of (he advantage® of the revised Vinavan.
lt was so intricate that no one but the manstros
could understand it and that hoisted the mnaes-
trot away up on the ladder of publle asteem,
The unrevised Visayan was so simple that the
ohildren actually learned ft from their parents
and schoolimasters had been at a diseomunt
This was a poser. But alter due considera-
tion I annoypoed my determination to go right
have been printed the last few dave. The ona | aboad with the unrevised Visayan. The native
sat etl . « mont itehe on th maestro was horrified. It was evident that
that perhaps throws most le nthe Way IN | he eonsidered me an anarohist and a traitor to
which the late Duke and his people regarded | my professio He waa so excited that he

arrested, confined in tha eondemned cell in

the fleld. In one of my previous letters Leom-
Coleashery jail, sent a prisoner to Bloemfontein,

Mented upon the careful and effective manner |
tn which the wounded on their arrival at the
fret field hospitals were found to have heen
dressed = =Tho British soldier has well
drilled by the oMeers of the Royal Army Medi-
oal Corps upon the method of application of the
first fleld dressing, which each man carries on
bis person, and judging by the way in whieh
these dressings were applied by the mon them-
selvesor by comrades in the absence of the
medical oMeer, their teaching appears te have
been by no means Ineffective, and the good
results are very apprectable

where he was kepton prison diet for a week,
representation of the Hey
sent back

and on the earnest
Mr. Franklin, Wesleyan
home”

hean minister,

 

Two dukedoms hava been well in the eve of
the publio during the present week And in
each case the praesent Duke is nearly connected
by marriage with the roval family Of the
Duke of Arzvll many aneedotes, new and old,

 

“One finds case after case convalescent after | nig position in Seotland is that of the old actually talked ever day Visayan. He Bn ly
@ bullet has traversed the jung, and in many | wy. : induced me to go with Alm for a censultaton
Instances both lungs. The beart and periear- | yon who on hearing that the present | with anothat native maestro, the teacher of

} Duke, then the Marquis of Lorne, was to | a aaleet school. | went and took my brightest

bor with me. The aeleot teacher s[ded with
the public teacher. A language that corm-
mon people used and understood, be main-
tained, was necessarily vulgar and not wore
teaching T asserted that “Ate naga lacat”
was correct Vieavan for “T go,” because every-
body but the maestros said it and wrote it that

dium have ao often been found to le in the
track of the bullet that it seems probable that
these highly vulnerable structures must in
geveral instances have been actually pierce)
In a few cases both the abdomenand the thorax

marry the Queen's daugnter, Prinoess Louise,
remarked) “Eh! It’s a mighty prood woman
| the Queen will be to-day.’ As a matter
of fact it is curious to find” that — tha
Marqiisof Lorne and the Princess had a dom:

 

hava been — by me same projectile | non ancestor nearly ive hundred years ago In| way. The public schoolinaster — nearly had
without serious Inoonventence to the patient the person of Janes of Scotland. Tha Queen's | apoplexy. The way to say “T go" in Visayan,
“Thave sean aome cases of suicceasful laparor- he aaid. wae “Macadto ca At thia, the ee.

: te descent from James T. (1894-1497) Is through lect teacher fell upon him tooth and nail. “Ma-

omy and many more know of have een un- } James IL, 111, 1V., V.and VI. Elizabeth, the | cadto ca.” he asserted, was the rottenast kind
successful; the injury has boon irreparable in | dayghter of dames VE, married the King of Bo- | of Visayan and the correct expression was

 

is amacadto.” I took my brightest

“Sang
to the school. The |nst

many. In many too long an interval had , sa . z . Ce
hemia and became the grandmother of George bor and went back

@lapsed and oa wore —, unavoldable 1 The Aravil descentfrom James I. ts even | | aaw of the maestros ther looked like a
hindran: 7 Be t 7 asit may, I feel sure that | pore tortuous, but perfectly clear. Princess pur of windmills in a burric ane My Enaliash-
the mere fact of a Mauser or I.ee-Motford rill» Annabella Stuart, daughter of James T, mar- isayan grammar mieile " ne nance a all
bullet traversing the abdomen is of {tself no ‘ . ; Ipils, but the maestros

dae sndtia t th kenalte 7 ried the second Rarlof Huntly, The daughter | eross thenselves and say_a little prayer when-
sufficient indication of the neoassity for ab- | ge hair son, Lady Janet Gordon, married the | ever they sight me My little booklet may not
dominal exploration or operation. Thaveseen | inind Earl of Aravil, from whom, though not | b* entirely correct frammatically from either
60 many cases of this kind in whichthe patients male line, the late Duke was des-

an English or a Visayan standpoint, but the
have recovered without any surgical interfer- boys and girls in this pueblo are beginning to
ence that one may well pause before deacid-

to eneak colloquial English quite fluently.
There are two mibite achools here, one for the
ing to expose a wounded man fo the tnovitabie
risks attending such an exploration.”

boys and one for the girls. 1 aeon found that
With regard to the stopping power of these

these free achools were patronized by the full-
blooded Filipinos only. The mestizos com td-
ered it beneath thetr dignity to send their

modern rifle bullets, Sir William says: “There is

no doubt that a man may receive a flesh wound

in any part of his body and be thereby none the

worse for many hours. tie can carry on for

@certain time even after receiving a chest

wound or a gunshot fracture of the upper ex-

tremity, but with these and oneor two other

exceptions his fAghting capacity after being

wounded {as practically nil. Ina war like this

there isnosuch thing as a rush of a body of

the public school

fn direct
cended
The other dukedom, that of Fife, which has
been a topic of conversation, can boast no such
pedigros as the Argylls, who trace their de-
acent from Sir Colin Campbell, knighted in
1284. The present Duke of Fife, as is well
known, married Prince Loulse, daughter of the
Prince of Wales More fortunate than the
present Duke of Argyll, who is @lildiess, the
Duke of Fife has daughters but 90 80n to carry
onthe tithe This week ft was announced in the
Greette that the dukedom of File will now fol-
low in the female line, provided, of course, that
no son ia born subsequent to the announoe-

them as the “poor sehools." However, I found
many of the bovs and a few of the girls very
apt. L found that in the mast the maestros
had taught the children nothing but a few pray-
ers {in Spanish When I entered the school
in the morning all the boys stood up and yelled
“good morning” Then they sat down and
all began to patter “Hail Marve” and the creed
{n an undertone The school sounded Ike

hive of angry hees he native teacher avania
call up boy after boy and listen while he re
cited prayers and the creed over and over

 

 

ment. This is regarded as another proof of the ° ' + ei 7 .
side | a He kept that up for six houre aday. Just that
men on either sid 2 though one has seen | Inek of the Duffs The risa of the Duffs is | and practically nothing more, He did not even
oases of men being able to advance for@ver- | ong of the most wonderful storias {n | take the trouble to tearh them the meaning
tain distance after having been shot through the sevens. desvite ti 4 of the Spanish words they recited. In fact,
the body, asarule they suffered fror 1 peerage, despite the fact that the gene | under Spanish rule the full-blooded natives
ody, y om imme- | ‘ ie ene " . : baa Tl
: : ; alogista have mado morry over thelr | were never tauxht Spanish and were not pere
diate faintness and sickness, and would have | oo) a Intend gated ae ; mitted to aneak it. Tf a native saluted a Span-
. : ong.in rhe latest edition of Burke strictiy mT
beon very little disposed for further action. In | gotlows the discov Fihaemnetia be | fard with ‘Buenos diss” his hat was promplly
gavage warfare men might be capable ofa]. be discoveries of the experts by begin- | knocked off
ning with plain Adam Duff, who waaasmall I found that there were just three boys fn

the school to whom the native maestro w
teaching a little arithmetic and Latin. An
| those hove did not know the grammar of their
own language! The onty books in the schools
were catechiames and prayer books in Bpanish
There were no penoils, pens, ink, paper or
slates. There was no blackboard, no chalk
Tt was a case of patter prayers aul ay e
desconded from the old ¥ uffs. the T ei I went to the President of the nuablo and
wound caused by a dum-dum bullet. As re- Fit \ - : t Mac auft ‘oe Than e told him T wanted a blackboard, and T wanted
+ a matter of fact, the Duke ol Fife'’s | jp ayiet He said he had never heard of such

ds the effect of lyddire, some Ge nofles
@ards the effect of lyddire, some German ofloors | gamiiynegerownedarond of landint ecountyof | » thing and couldn't furnish one T told him

“short rush ora charge after these wounds, but
|
|
- arear » {

who were with the enemy sald thatthe Boors | pip, 7 nsto a longer pedigrea which | to trof out a earnenter and a nainter at donble
|
|
|

certainly could not do much under modern
conditions with a distance of perhaps one
thousand yards to cover before coming upon
the enemy.”

Tn all the cases that cane under his observa-
tion, Sir William says: “T never came across a

farmer at Clunybeg. Morayshire. Adam's
grandson was created Earl of Fife in 1735 and
Raron Macdialf in 1759. atitle whieh Mr GE
Cokayne, the accomplished Clarenceux King of
Arms,in his wonderfil peerage, sarcaatioally
suggests was assumed to suggest that Duff was

 

 

 

epretensic
earried with them bottles of vinegar tomini- | game of} ; yen Jocessors convocted in the most | meer he would hear from the Military Gov-
mize its effects, and that those who did not way were marcilessly exposed by | was 10 tft Ay a
adopt this precaution suffered for wasks from | Hp Wiliam Cramond, the accompliahed anti | liard hall, T took it all and now the natives
nausea, Even ontaide the range of killing by | quarian. Dr, Cramond showed that one of the | Sif on their cues instaad of chalking them
explosion, lyddite has the effect of turning its earls had lifted two old tombstones erected to set eae ase Bey Re My one
vietims yellow and producing extreme stokness | the memory of an Innesanda genuine old Duff | ¢ ible it contalas, ['ve sean some pretty rook y
of long duration [tis sad to canse jaundice. | or atidqayit placed them together, and altarad billiard tables in country towns in the
Asan explosive tha Boers declared that they | an ineoription <o as to make them seam oe aa States. but thia one beats tha reeord Tt ta
did not fear Iyddite more than ordinary shell | ene can

fire, but they dreaded the fumes ' =

the identical table on whioh Solomon and the
Queen of Sueha plaved pin pool, When the

With regard to the use of explosive or soft- Vaint and Prosperity In Kansas
nosed bulleta by the Boers, Sir Willlam said

balis rumble across if the noise reminds me
of the game of ten pins in “Rip Van Winkle "

“So far ag] observed the wounds, T aaw no

evidence of the nae of explosive bulleta, al-

When a hall hits a eushion it leaps a foot toward
though it was reported on goo! authority that

unblushing

 

 

trom the Kansae City ina the ceiling and when it relands on the table [t
From « Koneas ify Journal | stands dead still. The native game {s a sort

Torriva, May 6 Kansas is panting herself | of pin pool with nine pins. [t takes any plavar
upin many colors this spring, said a big paint | from four to eught honrete play a game. When
maniiactirer from the Rast, who was here to- | @ native males un his mind to take a hand ina

 

some of the wounds had been caused by them, | day qn business Talk about, ‘painting © | game he lavs off work fortheday, I've seen
Perwooally, [neversnw a wonndthat presented | fil yottics Ketatspeinung, alot them, | Rative shut up shop and go into 6 peal game

: i| ‘“ ) State } use nd -tav there four andfiv u ive
explosive effeota, but their absenoe may have | more paint this year than ithas d irlga the five auateranes eonld come © the shop call

Everybody

to hile wife, who lived over it. She wo
than

ain that Cinon was in a game of pool

orevious veara

is buying paint
have been in more f

forty. towna in tha crn

own

been due to the fact that the range was so

reat. It certainly is not posath! 4
. . t not possthle to mistake | grate during the past month and they are all streat. The natives would sit op the bam.
user or Snider bullet wounds for those | looking as if they were just built The {dea of | boo bench before the shop and wait there pa-
Caused by explosive bullets mere Paint 3 now confine 1 to town sopie, | tientle for three or four hours. At last Cimon
Dealing with some of the nmiodern appliane either he farmers are buying liberally and | would return and the customers would file
ne of the modern appilanees | painting everything on their farms, from their | into the shop. The first would want thrae

and methods used in w r William Mae-
Cormac remarked “The Réntgen rays are
used asa matter of course, aod nearie all the
Dospitals are now equipped with th» apparatus

for this method of diagnosis. It is always used b :
o turned away because the eeper had
previous to making explorati fe Appearance of a town, or a house, or a barn, o .) “_ en Cinen wo ‘ ol

Ploration for a bullet, | even a chicken comp, than a ooat of paint? again ne mn oat fight ut ah er

@nd an odlcer Is told off to specially take photo» | Notling, unieds it is two coats,” To t back to my schools, After getting my

ar, houses anid barns, down to corn cribs and
chicken coops, So meare even painting their
fence posta. Itis asian of prosperity eople
donot paint things unless ther have money
It costa money to paint a. farmhouse as weil as
to paintatown' But what adds more to the

cocoannt oll and would throw
Cinon would in-

cents’ worth of
down half a dollar, Mexioan,
differently toss it back and sav
"No chanae'"
Out of a dozen customers eight or mne would

———$—$—$—$—$—$———————— Orr

children to the publle schools and referred to |

Oe

| satchel out on the platform and she stepped
The

MAY 13,

blackboard and chalk, 1 promptly went after
pens, ink, paper and bank books In the same
way. 1 talked to that native President ina
way that made bis hair stand. | told him that
in America a school taacher stood next to the
Secretary of War and that when one of them
wanted something and didn’t get it, the cen-'s
of widows and orphans increased Yd eometricnl
progression 1 got what 1 wantec and now
ave a school that is equipped as well ay some
Crossroads schools in the states—books ex-
oops.
hadu't been schgolinaster a week when

invitations to socal functions began to Cony
in trom all) directions First catne one trom
Seflor Kamon Ciasataya, Gasataya had ones
been appointed “tleap Military of the peeni

Tt wok three days to discover Uiat
furnishing ricy to the insurgents, ‘Thers wis
co a loophole of a doubt, so we didn’t shoot
um. Since then he has been the most affable
native on the island, His casa is @ big two
Story nipa house with a split bamboo floor
He invited me to a dance there, And to dance
OW a split bamboo oor is like dabeug on cor-
Mi@ated rubber ‘The quest. at the ball were
ail full-blooded natives The daneing bean
at 11 o'olook in the morning and continied
ior two days and nights. The tmiusie wie
roma clarionet and two guitaritas. The dances
were the polka, the waitz and the ¢igadon
The rigadon is a sort of quadrille 1 Was
danced but a few times, most of the time being
devoted to waltzes and polkas. Much to my
discomfort I found that I was a sort of specially
honored guest,

It is this way. When the music starts up
you ure expected to dash over to a delaga
that’s native for sefiorita-and poke your
elbow at her. She grabs it and you proceed
to whirl around on the bamboo hoor like an
intoxicated rubber ball. The floor not only
bounds but it is ritbed and as hard to walte
on as it is to climb a mountain, The delagas
wear slippers without heels on their bare feet
and at every third whirl off comes a shipper
Then you grovel around on your knees until
you tind it And the seforita shoves her bare

rown foot into it and you resume bobbing
around. Your collar wilts. Your white ducks
drip. Your breath comes in gasps, You
olfer up a silent prayer that the pipa hut may
catch (fre and thus release you. For you ire
up agen’ the Pilipino idea of good man-
ners, which dictates that you must not
cease waltzing with a partner until you can
turn her over to another. And all the natives
have partners, Finally in desperation vou
venture to ask her if she is not tired and she
beans up at vou and says:

“Indi! Salamat!’’ (No, thank you!]

After three-cuarters of an hour ot violent
exorcise tred nature rebels and you escort
your delaga to 4a seat and tall into one beside
ier, Utterivy exhausted Your partners round

   

face lengthens out a foot. Seflor Gasatuya
rushes over to you with profuse apologies
for having found von an unconment r

ner, And he dose his best to draw you oul
of your seat and over to another delaga, Mean-

while the waltz continues for a full half hour
more, As a diatter of tact a waltz never ends
here until the musicians rebel. This is the
way they do it (iter patiently tooting and
strumming one tune for an hour and a half
thev ail

 

of a sudden beg@in to play so rapidly
that a jumping jack eould not keep time with
them. That is a notifleation that the musi-
Clubs are not wound up for eight duys even
if tha dancers are So every one stops dancing
and the men clap their hands, as a signal that
the music may cease

During the interval between dances
delugas oceupy sents along two eides of
room They smoke black eigars, halt a
long, and fan themselves
verse. Meanwhile the men congregate around
the kitohen or dining room door and puff cica
ettesand drink tubaorbens Tubais the Fi
ino beer, and
ie a most palatable drink. It is fermented
Oveganut juice, Beno is the native whiskey
Tt is the most tlerv and potent intoxicant thygt
fool man ever poured inte a tortured stomach
It {= distilled from sugar cane after the sugar
has been extracted, and ts nothing more or less
than wood aleolol How the natives manuge
to drink it and not wo mad 1 donot know. ‘They
f° The soldiera who tackle if are a nuisance
or a short time only. Then they are dead

At about § o’olock in the evening dancing
ceases for a tine and the table is spread ‘or
supper Your host has sent ont in ail diren-
tions and borrowed all the availuble crockery

 

the
the
foot

 

   

in the pueblo, and exonpt in the detail of knives |

and forks the table makes a very falr showing
At Seftor (iasatava’s | had a knife and a fork,
but the president of the pueblo, who «at beside
me, intimated that the faet that T used them
made him doubt my republeamsin He need
his fingers, with which he tore off hunks of
fat nork and dipped them into a saucer of mie
tard sauce le ate his rice by the fletMl, eram-
mine it into hs mouth with both hands. He
poses among the full-blooded natives as a
reactionist against everrthing Spenish and
looks upon Enives, forks and spoons as a Span-
ish innovation However, I notieed a few
davs later at a Mestizo ball, where semi-Span-
fe!) enetome prevalied, that the president used
the knife and fork that finnked his plate vist
the same as his neighbors. I guess he’s a rather
shrewd politician, and tries to carry water on
both shoulders

At Seflor (Giasataya’s ball, I atock it ont from
8 o'clock in. the afternoon until midnight
and then insisted on returning to quarters
Every inducement was held out to nw Ww wtay

was asaured that the dancing would étop in
another hour to ne resumed at it o'clock the
following morning. The President and Seftor

nsataya each insisted that T should occupy a
bed In his home. Rut I herolc ally resisted all

ersiasions and went to quarters. The follow-
Ing morning. in company with half a dozen
other soldiers, IT went to the Binalnagan River
to nathe. Twenty rards down the river a party
of thirty or more m4 ives. men, women and
children. were enplashina around in the water
dressed in their birthday clothes. Among them
weresome of the delagas with whom 1 had
danced the night before. Tt tales all sorts of
customs to make a world and some other tine
Tl tell about a mestizo pall, But Til close this
letter with a word anout money making

A pleo of riee contains 100 pounds Here in
Tsahella a nico rings 41.59. Mexican. At Noillo
a plen sells for $4 Mexican. The distance ts
about 100 miles and the cost of transportation
only 15 canta a pico, And the natives here feed
tice to the pias! T know men in the States who
bur wheat andshinit miles to Chicago on a
one-cent marain T wonder how ther'd like to
buy and siifp 100 miles on a nurgin of $1.25,
American money.

MRS. WERNER'S WAOON RIDE.

 

 

Wife of the Judge Jamped Into a Grocer's Cart
to Catch a Train

Rocuester, N. ¥., May 12.--Abouta fortnight

ago Mrs. Werner, wife of Judge Willlam F
Werner, recently appointed to the Ap-
pellate by Gov, Roosevelt, received a

telegram from her husband asking her to come
to Albany at once ™ be present at a reception
given by the Governor in the capital city. Mra
Werner is very democratic in her tastes, and
so she packed up her satchel in a hurry, said
good-by to her family and started, not to her
carriage, but to take a street car to the near-
est corner. It happened that the Park avenue
line, which Mrs. Werner intended taking, was
torn up for repuirs somewhere out in Brighton
village, and as she stood on the corner she saw
the minutes rapidly slipping away. Her watoh
told her that if she wus goiug to catch that
train she would have to get some kind of aoon-
veyance very soon, and there were no cabs
In sight

The only thing in that line visible was a gro-
cer's wagon which caine rumbling down over
the rough pavement, well filled with products
of the field and iarm. As the boy drove by
he heard a voice eal! out

“Hold on there!”

Looking around the lad saw a well-dressed
woman at the corner who seemed anxivus
Turning about he rapidly drove back

“Will you take mv to the Central station at
once?” she asked

The boy consented, and Mra. Werner clam-
bered in. She told the lad that she was well
acquainted with hus employer and that he would
loae nothing by his kindness. Any one familiar
with Rochester street# Knows that the neareat
way from the Werner home to the Central
Station Is through Fast avenue, the most tash-
tonable thoroughfare of the town. The fact
that she was to ride through this avenue tn
stich a vehicle did not startia Mrs. Werner
in tue slightest degree So it happened that
the people who were out for a promenade or
adrive in Rast avenue about 3 o'clock that after-
noon saw Mrs. Werner on the front seat of a
grocer’s Wagon, bowing right and lett to mans
friends and acquaintances and seemingly totally
oblivious to the strange surroundings
was in. The vegetables bobbed up and down
ae the wagon passed over the somewhat tineven
Pavement, and the grocer boy's = shouts
to “Nell” were amusing to those who heard
them

Mrs. Werner had only fifteen mintiter to cateb

 

 

 

me was |

 

1900.
HOW TO HANDLE THE RIFLE

ahaa |
AMERICANS SPECIALLY ADAPTED |
ro USE OF THIS ARM. |

Target Shooting May Help a Little, but It's
Field Work That Gives the Skil Which
Makes Marksmen on the Field of Battle

The Way to Select a Rifle That winh Kill.

 

Shooting over

Monsurrnen. Wie. May 24 ,
Pann vate has been reduced theoretically to |
@honn ‘ava Inaccurate gauge shows the
volovit ! erosalng currents of air Distances
are Uaed and known within a few feet even when
the marksman is advancing. Always objects

|

They do not ean- |
| anvthing else

’ 1
taken fresh and in moderation ;

 

she |

| The oritioee ia wo mueh

the train, and Nell had to make pretty good |

time to get to the station befora the Empire |
State came rutubling in. But Nell was no
common animal, and althongh at the finish

a litde short of breath, the horse accomplished
the purpose and just as the doorman shouted
“Allaboard. "the grocer boy thre wMrs Werner's

lightly out and boarded the train rip
to Albany was without further ineftdent, and
it was not until well on her journey that Mrs
Werner really gaw the bumor of the situation
as it must have appeared if her friends who
yitnessed the dashing ride through the avenue
he told the Judge a
Albany and he thougnt it tom good
and told if to several of his judicial brethren
t evening at the reception, Mre. Werner
found that the news of her exploit had pre-
ceeded her. Later in the evening she went to
the supper on the arm of the Governor, and
entertained him with the story or her adventure
He laughed heartily and enioyed tha recital
of lt, especially since Mrs. Werner fe an excel-
lent story teller. The story also got back to
Rochester, and thera are many In Mrs. Werner's
get who say that if their husbands were gettin

 

$15,000 a year they wouldn't be subject to suc

pores whinge as atreet care when fi an
r CTiIOnN aaa reception >

ernor was at stake. . ” 6

rut Jt when she reached |
to Keep |

| climatic conditions and wipes tt «

) skill on the veldt and among the hill#
Asa first requisite to successful fleld work
the gun must “balance” cvell Tt must “feel
| right” when it comes to the shoulder, To do

» used as targets and

ol the same character ar
yw same direetion

the shooting is always in U |
Powder charges are lessened or fnereased in
obedience to formulas Countless experl-
ments have proved that a cerca elevation of
roar sight will place the projectile at @ certain
helght upon the butts started from @ certain dis-
tance away. bven the lights and shadows aud
the relations borne to the targets by fixed sur-
rounding objects become habitual. A man
with reasonably good ees and good nerves
ought in a year's time to become a first-class
shot on his chosen range. It needs only physi-
cal capability, industry and some intelligence,
The amount of value to soldiers of this sort of
training is still a moot question There seems
to be no doubt that It measurably improves the
very badshot, Lf it does nothing else, it makes
the raw hand familiar with the hang and weight
of his gun, But it does not make the genuine
sharpshooter, Itdoes not make the fast and uo-
curate single-ball shot

The sure-enough rifleman gets bis training in
the tield and he works his way upward to the top
noteh through exertion and countless failures
aud exasperation and dolor of body and spirit.
The high-class fleld shot forms the most valu-
able integral part of any army. because soldiers
In battle are required to do fleld shooting. The
ground is new to Wem, the light# are new to
them. the distances are unknown and always
highly deceptive. and the targets are offen in
motion. There is an infernal noise all around
and a good deal of haze. To shoot well under
these conditions requires not only courage and
physical capability,but brains. ‘The American
makes the best enlisted shot in all the world for |
the reason that individually he is more intelll-
weut than the enlisted man of other forees
fle is more aceustomed to thinking for him-
eelf, draws hia own deductions and learns from
Reference Js here made to the en-
listed man who knew practically nothing of
The South Afriean
begin it before they

 

his errors

firearms before he enlisted
Duteh shoot well, but thes
are big enough to hold out a gun. Tu early
childhood they use a rest. They have a grent
deal of butt, or range firing in peace time, but
they look on it more as a social diversion than
They get thelr really valuable

this ite weight must be correctly distributed
The barrel must be of proper length. the wood of
proper density should remain
level if laid across the forefinger, the forefinger
being placed three inchasin front of the trigger
guard. Athing which militates strongly against
the accuracy of the modern arm is the maga-
zine. As the shells are brought from the maga-
zine to the barrel and discharged the entire
weight of tle piece alters constantly and its
balunce is serfously disturbed. Thera is a
marked difference between the heft of a full-
loaded Krag of Mauser and one which oontains
‘only a single shell. If a wun has the proper
bolanee it sliould be the next duty of the intend-
ing fleld marksman to see that it “Nts” him
Tt “fits” him only when it has the correct length
of stock and the correct dro, Men differ widely
in the leugth of their arms and the length of
their necks. The louwer the arm reagh the
longer the stock should be and the longer the
neck the greater the drop, A man cannot
learn to shoot well with a rife whose stock is
too long for him, any more than Le can wear a
ehirt that is three siaes too large or small for
him. His «un should be ent for him as are his
shirts, and it {s only when he owns a weapon
that has been eut for him that he ean hope
to attain excellence. The “drop” of a gin is
the butt’s distance below the breech, and, as
@ wenerel ting, a drop of two and a quarter
inches will be found.to be ample

It is the gunners commonest mistake to
nse a gun with too much drop, Which produces
au ineradicnble tendency to undershooting
In casa of 4 stationary target a man can correct
this by drawing a somewhat coarser sight,
but if the deer be buzzing between the trea
trunks a hundred vards away the marksman |
will have notime to think of such refinements. |
Jle will need a gun that comes naturally to
his shoulder--so natura)!y that it seems a part |
of him--and when his cheak drops to the etock
his eve should be upon an exact level with
the notch in the rear sight. So fitted. he may
reasonably hope to find the front sight some.
where close to the darting animal, even though
he has made no conscious efort to put it there
The weight of trigger pull is ho of the imn-
usually credited

The weapon

 

 

a with whieh it) is
or the reason that a man will become acens-
tomeld to almost any ordinary tigger pull

Some army guns are made with a pull of five
pounds--that is, the shooter mist press upon
the trigger with toree sufficient to lift five
pounds. This ie an exaggeration and {s per-
ruitted only becauzea a gin whose firing pin

is that hard to move {ts pretty safe from ac-
cidental discharge when cocked. Some vears
ago woods and fleld riflemen used the “set
trigger" as it was called, It was practient|s

a hair trigger and the slightest pressure was
sufittent That was necessary, maybe, in
shooting at naitheads fifty yards away for quar-
tersof beef, but ft was of no special good in pur-
suing game. A trigger pull of two pounds ts
not excessive and should not disturb the ac-
curacy of any man fit to own a gun

All rifles of the better makes are carefiilly

“sirhted” before they are shipped from the
factory. The weapon is placed in a vise
trained on target and discharged. The
Sivhts are alte red until the rifle centres the
target. notonee, butoften, Ttis then supposed
to be ready for service The fact ts. however
that the eves of men differ as greatly as do
their measurements. One eve will tuke a
finer or coarser sight than another This

{is always noticed where two riflemen of ex-
perience are endeavoring to regulate the sig! ts

of a gun belonging to one of them. ‘They
place it in a vise and one of them trains it upon
Qh plain target fifty yards away. The other
takes a squint and immediately instste that
the muzzle he raised a trifle. or lowered. or
sliifted a hair's breadth to right or left. The

rifeman who has put
grooved weapon hae decided that {ta balance
is correct. has had the stock shortened and
strengthened to fit him and intends going ttte
the woods with it. will do weil to sight it lim- |
self A vise fastened to the side of a tree will
serve excellently When the projeetile cer {
tres the target after his sighting, he will have
a gan with which he will be able to hit things
though another man using it would be apt to
shoot high or low

No man can make even a reasonable guess
at the proper charge for a rite until he has
used it for three months. The people at the
factory do not know. that is acertainty. They
make guns of a certaincallber and welght and
according to their formulas, all of thase guns
ought to take the same eharges and do the
fame work with them, but they will no more
do it than a dozen razors of the sane steel will
all shave alike. Every wun has its peculiarity
due to some indiseoverable thing iv its boring

50 into a beautifully

  

  

 
 
   

or the eor tion of ifs metal or its hang
The sume rifle will often show wide variations
in hot and cold weather or in wet weather and
drv These peeniiarittes and differences are
mich more notieeable in the modern simall-
bore guns than in the old-fes) loned rifles whien
used bullets that ran say thirty to the pound

Smaller that it is more
subfect to contraction and expansion. The
greosee are more numerous, they make a
igher number of turns In traversing the bur-
rel they impart. theretere, a much higher
rotary velovity to the projectile and they are
much more Hable to dogging A 480 gun
carried for an hour through heavy fog, will be
apt to startle its owner when discharged nnless
he understands the effect produced py certain
t carefully
hefor: see Ht Some rifles will show a
nearer approach to amsolute accuracy with a
heavy powder oharge pehind the lead) Others |
require less powder and more hall. Some guns
thonen exact duplica in appearance of
other hae powee urningg capacity and !
eannot be got to do straight work with enongl)
explosive to make them deadly at a lonw range
Jhe man who desires to become an educated
and competent fleld shot must sult his loads
to his gun. and he can do thia only after he has
wasted enough ammunition to kill two or three
re@ melts

The age of ammunition has much to do with
ite effectivenese New charges will not «hoot
best; very old charges will not shoor
best Private Orthar<« expressed a prefer.
enoe for a cartridge that had been long enough
in store to let the powder settle and ki-s ike
lead heartily and tn this showed that he was
A wise man owder encased in water and

he

 
         

| weather-proof metal seoms to undergo a «light

and slow chemical change which. up ¢ °
tain age, tends to tnoreans the force and ‘ovens
noas with which {t sends the projectile through
the barrel. It 1s less hasty, makes less noise,

Going to buy Carpets
We invite you to look over the new patterns, just in from
our mills. Exceptionally choice and remarkably low priced.

Want special bargains ? If
lines being closed out:

Extra Tapestries (best quality), 8o¢. per yard regular, NOW... 66.
Worsted Velvets, $i per yard regular, NOW, ... 6.6.66.
Extra Velvets, $1.25 per yard regular, now,

Three-ply Ingrains, 0c. per yard regular,

so, Select from the following

reseee BZ HE

s+ The
85¢
40c

eee OOOO HOR OE eH Hee

NOW cc eee eee wee werner eres

Gf some patterns, hundreds of yards, of others

only enough for a room,

Bring sizes of rooms.

Mattings from China and Japan,

$4.50 per roll (40

yards), and up.

Carpet Rugs one-third less than regular.

 

2 E. 44TH STREET,

J. & J. DOBSON, COR. 5TH AVENUE.

 

 

and does better work. For this reason, rifle-
men of clay, Who expect to getone shot at a
deer wy a day and want that shot to count,
load their shelly and then put them away to
season, as a golfer lays away his vulcanized
spheres, knowing thal they will continue to
et better through nenurly a vear of idleness.
f may be sald for Arerican factories that they
turn out as good fixed argiynition a» may
be had in the world aud it fs good enough
for ordinary shooting, but it is anununition
made by rule and it is intended for all sorts
of gun. The man who kuows his riffle and
WADIS the best results from it all the time will
do his own loading, experimenting with the
various powders and leads and attaining at
the last to an exact understanding of the
charges be should use for the various kinds
ol game

4 visitor to rifle ranges, or one who goes
into the woods with riflemen, will see many
curious positions assumed by shooters This
in spite of the fact that they are for the most
part men who are old to fhe usage of gun-
nery, Some stand full face to the target
Others lean bacaward, and these are all over.
Others bend forward, crouched
and «trained, Others, while standing naturally
anid in poise, place the left hand not more than
two inelies in front of the trigger guard, Oth-
ers have the right elbow close to the side
There is but one correct offhand position, |
The man's left side should be turned squarely
to the mark, the left foot well forward, the
weight on the left leg, The left arm should
be extended nearly to its full reach The |
giin should be across the body. The reht |
elbow should be ou a level with the lower edge
of his ear, the right cheek again-t the stock

is less of a strain or wun, has less reeoil
|
|
'
|

shooters

 

euddling it. He should go against his gun,
not away from it. and therefore sliould lean |
forward slightly. He wili thus be steadier |
aid will obviate the recoil The leit arim |

far extended does much to prevent wabble
When a nervous mah, or @ man who smokes
much or keeps late hours, puts his jeft hand
just iu frout of the trigger guard the barrel
of his weapon dances about as tf it had quick-
silver in it, Obviously to such a man in such

A position straight shooting ts an impossi-
bility. This has been said in reference to
firing at stationary targets. He. however,

who learns to assume a correct position on
the range will unconsciously assume it in the
fleld, he will get his sight much more quickly
aud accurately and will bring in more game

Field or woods shooting at deer, bear, tur-
keys, rabbits or at squirrels, for that matter,
demands an open rear sight, one whose clett
isgoarse ‘The object is to wet view of the front
sight as quick!y as possible and tie man who |
buve a rile should attend to this matter with a
tine fle. Teleseopio sights ara not good tor
anything except antelope, mountain sheep or
moubtau goats, The peep sichbt is of no
value in woods; globe sights, disk sights, “com-
bination” sights are valueless, The man be-
hind the gun wants to do straight siiooting
and to fo it immediately, and for this purpore
no sight has been devised which is any im-
provement upon the old-fashioned open sight
which cannot be raised or lowered Any one of
the modern smali-calibered arms Ras practi-
cally a flat trajectory at three hundred yarde,
Tt is not wsgctly flat, of course, but itis so near it
that no difference In results will be discernible
The side of # deer Is he enough at that dis-
fence and a drop of an neh {8 of little moment

w Manufacturers have turned out a numier
of complicated sighting wechanisms, which
carry telescopic lenses in them and wind gauges
and such things. They are good to Lave upon
the range when centring a ringed target ts
the obfeet in view, but in the woods a good
thing to do with them le to put them In the pooket
and wive Lbem, oh opportunity, to some hunter
who hus never used them and ie innocent,
The rifleman of @ year’s steady practice will
have learned to be his own wind-wauge and
untdl he learns this he will not be entitled to
be a member of the blood brotherhood

The ety man who has taken up rife shooting
as a means of diversion, or as a bringer ot
health will first pass through the experimental
stage, in which he is buying guns that do not
fit him and using in them ammunition that ts
not silted to them or to him. At this time he
will be a devotee of the butts and wit learn
how to aim, to take np recoil and to withstand
chagrin. Later, having been fitted with a gun
and having mastered some of its peculiarities
he will @o into the woods with a lust to kil
things. There he will find health, sure, He
will bave natnrally a desire to he told just
what he may hope to accomplish. Some men
are born -hots. They shoot correetiy more
from intuition than anything else Thev often
attain to a perfect!y phenomenal skill, but
thev arerare. The ordinary human, with good
muscies and good eyes, who goes ont with
a good win and a good stock of patience, de-
termined to beat the game or die hope
to do this much He will learn to down a sta-
tionary deer within twenty feet of his standin
place at two hundred yards three times out ut
five, and the fourth time the animal will be
so badly hit that it will not wo far. He will
learn to crumple up a running deer—half speed
or full speed-at one hundred aud fifty vards
once in five shots. The other four thmes he
will wrasse or tWigs cnt in proximity
to the flashing target, but that does not mean
meat. He will learn to knock rabbits over at
fifty vards with an ease which will astonish
him and a squirrel! showing a head through
a fork near the top of the tallest tree will stand
no sert of char@e whatever. He will learn to
plug the wiy Canadian goote. grass-feeding
upon the prairie, With reasonable frequency
thong! the body of a goose is diseoncert.ngly
sriaier than its feathered bulk. He will learn
if he goes a little way south, to pick the gobbler
from tree branches in the early morning, shoot-
ing him through the head becanse it is a pity
to spoil, or mar, so glorious a brenet As to
woodchucks and gophers and prairie dogs
and hawks and owls, his name will become to
them a svnonvm for desolation. Te will not
in all probability. learn to drop the ruffed grouse
on the wing. the prairie chicken or the wild
duck, beenuse that is a God-wift) Of a cer.
tainty he will come to look upon butt shooting
as child's plave to indulged in with other
grown-up ehildren only when a kee of beer is
the stake. He will get brown and his ayes
will have that keen, though wind-blown, look
which comes to men who have squinted often
through the siahts, He will be heavier. thoug!
he loses waist meast and perhaps trom
rifing the deer he will carry a clearer head
to his town business of rifling his fellow man

 

see

 

he

 

Owned in New York, Valned at 8100,000 but
Not for Sale, Even at That Price.

Perhaps as compact a form as any into which

it would be

that

Possibie to put $100,000 wonld be

ofa diamond, One valued at that amount,
te be seen hare no New York, is a
Atrican stone, welghima 125%
sizeaboutas big as a medium-sized English
walnut Though having many faults, ye top
of this diamond has a rounded contour, not un-
like that of the end of such a walnut, while
he iene te Th side it tapers ade ! iL u pout;
ein thus in its general form much like
an ier dMiamond mount if sities

This diamond, howe
except that it ls set ina
by whieh it can be conveniently
Inspection: this being a merely a
of gold with Dranching arms at the top, within
which the diamond is secured, the extremities
of the arms being made toclaspover the dia-
mond'’s edae By means of this little golden
handle the diamond may be held up to view
just as arosebud might be on its eter

Even at the valuation placed upon it this
beautifal stone is not for sale) Owned by the
diamond and gam merchants, whose familiar
name it bears, itis kept as one of the treasures
of the house, Sight of it has afforded pleasure
to many

inary-colored
earats, and in

“din aring

yer, is Not mounted,
very siniple little holder
held up
short steny

  

for

Perstfiage of the Menagerie.
From the Indianapolia Preas
‘Yr—that thing on your baok, you ey
said the elephant wiclechtabipcstiel
“Ww ell, what of it?” asked the camel, sharply
“That is one on you,"’ said the elephant
Hun!” snorted the camel “As for that
Shing ,pansing to your face, that is another |
or '

TER one
“Different tail, you know.”

|

 

 

GOSPEL SETTLEMENT WORK.

Reception for Grown-ups and a Play Receptieg
for the Little Ones,

Two unusual events occurred during the past
week at the Gospel Settiemant, 211 Clintog
streot. The firet was the reception given by
Mrs. Sarah J. Bird, founder and Housemothep

| of the settlement,to Countess Von S&chinumele

man,the evangelist, who has been on a protracted
visit to this country; and the second wag
the“play reception” to a “play countess” in
which the children of the neighborhood tony
part the next night. The neighborhood of the
Gospel Settlement is one of the moet crowded of
the Fast Side. In one large building nearly op»
posite there are said to be 500 children. The
work of the institution is chiefly for childres
andyounggiris, “The White Door,” as the chil
dren cau the place, because of ite gleaming white
portal, is the one bright spot in a weary waste of
poverty and squalor.

Go to the settlement any afternoon or evening
andyouwillfindthe place thronged with chile
dren of the poor. There are the kindergarten
classes, Une sewing classes, the history, singing,
and Happy Hour olubs, the kitchen garden and
other regular daily and weekly functions for im
provement and pleasure-—all devised to please
and help the neighborhood little ones, who feel
that the settlement and ite workers belong to
them. Ring the bell of the “White Toor” at
some moment when a class or club is not in see.
sion, and behold! a troop of tots crowd up vou

“Come down, Busie!” cries Rosie on the street
‘o a playmate on the steps, 60 crowded that
Rosie cannot tind a place there

"lL won't!” retorts Susie promptly. “If letay
hera I'll see Mrs. Bird or Miss Irwin when the
door opens.”

On the night of the reception a mighty array
of children sidewalks and doorsteps
watched with fascinated eyes the car-
riages rolling up, and the men and women
entering the “White Door.” This one night,
the whole settlenent was to he given up to
grown folks--many of them coming from 4
far country, the land of millionaires, gituated
uptown round about Madison, Fifth and Park
avenues, extending up the Hudson, over ob Long
Island, and out on the coast and into the moun-
tains of Jersey. From that far country, Mre
Sarah J. Bird, founder and housemother of
the Gospel Settlement had come years amo to
live and labor among the poor; and her frends
of “Jewel-and-Lace Tand" were making
an incursion into the tenement districts fo
soe how she and her work fared, to give her
words of good cheer, and to help her welcome
the foreign Countess, who, as the story gor,
had left the “Jewel-and-Lace land” of a great
court far behind her, to live and labor among the
poor, and the sinful. Besides the folks from
“Jewel-and-Lace Land,” there were present
hundreds of oallers who, Ike Mrs. Bird, are at
once messengers of mercy and dwellers in the
alums. Nearly every good work, uptown and
downtown, found representation in that gat.
ering of clergmen, and missionaries, and
of wealthy people whose purses and check
books are so ofien ready to meet humanity's
demands, Among the guests might he seeo
Miss Helen Gould, Mrs. Russell Sage, Mrs.
George and Mrs. Ellsworth Inness, Mre. Lows
Klopseh, Mrs. John Blayback, Mrs. John Fara
ham, Mr.and Mrs, Chester Chamberlain, the
Misses McComb of Dobbs Ferry, Mrs. Cox, Mr.
and Mre. Davis, Mre. Seabury, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Foster Higgins, Mr. and Mrs, Thomas
Shearman, Dr. and Miss Owen, Miss Westerfield
and the Misses Lee, Miss Lewis and her band
of King’s Danghters, the Misses Hartley of the
College Settiement, Mrs. Reynolds of the Unk
versity Setuement, Mre, Sarah Marte Harris
President of the New York Mothers’ Glub, Mrs.
Burehard, leader in multitudinous charities;
Mr. Hollimond, superintendent of the Hhowery
Mission, the superintendent of the White Lose

Mission, and the President of the Good Hab's
Club. Among the munisters were Dr, Lyinaa
Abbott, the Rev. Mr, Wyman of Union Theos
logical Seminary and the Broadway ‘TAlere
nacle, the Kev. Mr, dames of Doyers Strees
Mission, Dr. and Mrs. Gerdson of the Moraviag
Chureh, the Rev. Dr, Jacobs, Dr. Bradford
and others

One of the most attractive figures there was
that of the aged and blind poetess, Fanny
Crosby. Dr. Abbou delivered the address of
welcome

The settlement was one bower of apple-licee
soms, white and purple lilacs, pinks and Pores,
all sent by friends who think highl of the
Gospel Settement’s work among the \' %
Mrs. Inness sat at a samovar and dispensed tea,
and Mrs. Gladding presided at a coffee urn.
Settlement workers in white gowns went about
sarving refreshments The children outside
ot glimpses of this bewildering inter 1:
-resenuy, an array of sniall faces were bel i

on

 

 

  

plastered against the window; the Counters
ruised the sash and shock hands with then.
Fanny Crosby was seen coring out the chidel
mob gathered about her, and she made the en U
people aliith speech

It was to be noted that the neighborhood of
the settlement was cleaned up wonderth the
mothers had done their best to help the settee
ment grown folk have a good ti the children
submitwd with a good grace to Thetr ex ne
The children were wise in their day and genera:
tion, Next night they had them innine
They were invited to a “Countess party ‘
settlement A Jovely youum Iady, dressed up
most really, received them tn state as
were presented one by one in great fh Writ
odd little bows and quaint ttle eour ' 4
small people of Clint Cherry and H r
streets rade to their “pins ereat lady!” aud how
they listened to their “play Dr fyma ’
bott's” wondertul addres f weleone! Howe
Nensed the were with the appl

ower, and, ol how the iid enjoy ul }
cake and oreams! The growh-up foiks had id

no such glorioua time!
The work of the Gospel Settlement bas bee

 

 
 
   
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

one of very rapid development. The firs! at
houncement of its existence was made it fi
SUN sone two and a half years age ‘ '
was simply a big, empty house with Mrs Birt
in it, receiving rolls of matung and pir '
furniture and donations of towers, while +
d the good that was to be done
ite has goue far and wide tt nds)
love its room Gd housemotber 3
rs. Pardieularly dear to the litte tur@
‘ Irwin, the settlernent’s head wor ‘
gifted woman who left her beauthul hor
the Hudson to live sume then The
ing men constitute tur ard of Directors
Josiah Strong, Mr. Thomas GG. Shea
Louis Klopach, Mr. Edwtn Mr
nings MeComb, Mr. Thomas 8, Gliddine
Charles Wo Anderson, Mr. L. M. Chapin at
Robert M Boy a, dr
Phe children qre beginning to give or }
evidences of moral and infelleetugal bene’ "4
received [rom tha settlement. ‘Their manters
have softened and in pros ed, the character '
their songs and recitations at the cluh meet nes

is decidedly better, “tough” Bowers
blood-and-thinder productions having «
way to kiidergarten bailuds, the “Recessions

  

    
  

(which they sing beantifully in ehorus)!

such poems as Longfellow'a” d Beant

The essay by one of the girlg in Mra. Emery §

history class took the second prize in the i
«

uf public eer
’ were engaged
rk is done the sewing
classes. by

competition in which hundre

students from all parts of the ci
Some delicate wo
embroidery

.
~

ane