ie ote co cena oe cee oe ieee

SO te

aah 7 Pee oie

THE NEGROES AND WHITES.

BOUTNERN DISCUSSION OF THE NEGRO
PROBLEM.

 

tlons and broadened and deepened

Conventions to Be Held This Month in the
oath to Consider the Matter—Dr. Har:
ringer's Pessimistic Views on the Negro
aad Dr. Dreher's Hopefal Reply to Them,

The remarkable statements as to the out-
look for the negroes in the South contained in
the address of Dr. Paul B. Barringer of the
University of Virginia, delivered tn Charleston,
8. C., are attracting renewed attention not only
fn the South but among many persons in the
North who have interested themselves in the
development and welfare of the negroes in the
@ld slave States. Dr Barringer, who has long
been an honored member and fs now the ehalr-
man of the faculty of the | niversity of Vir-
@inia, delivered the address on Feb 20 last be-

systems of universal education

lieved curse Kimancipation has not removed

the di
Most serious Concern as to the future
necessity of preserving white
caused & resort to measures of intimidation,
force and fraud which have run like passion
through the white population, Fducational

tion on the part of the negro that followin
dic ates of his Republican mentors has not ben-
efited him have relieved the Southern people

  

   

fore the Tri-State Medical Society of Virginia, goer own in the past still brings forth bad
‘ . . Thitage

Bouth Carolina and North Carolina Tt wos *Kestrictions upon ignorant voting and

supposed to be a discussion of the race question proper education are ot us remedies for

someof the pertis of the negro problen Suen

fo the South from ascientific standpoint

The gloomy, practically hopeless, view the
epeaker took of the outlook for the Southern
blacks was surmmarized editorially and re-
viewed in Tuk Stn of April 20. Put ina nut-
ebe}!, Dr Burringer’s position is that the negro
reached his highest state of civilization and de-
velopment under the s'avery régime, and since
then has been steadily and rapidly retrograd-
tng, Uniess there is something done to cheek
bim in jis downward career Dr. Barringer sees
nothing less ahead for hin than a relapse into
the savagery of his west coast of Africa an-
@estors.

Beginning on Tuesday of next week the
pecond semi-annual session of the Southern
Industrial Convention ts to be held in Chat-
tanooga, Tenn, and Dr. Barringer on this oc
casion also will discuss the negro question,
May 17 is fixed for the debate on this subject
under the title of Problem and

laws as Massa: linsetts, Connectiout and Misshs-
sippi have enacted for safeguarding the ballot
should be adopted by every Southern State
The public sehools should furnish rudimentary
education, free of to all children, black
and while, and our perils would be inealeulably
advanced if we permitted a mass of black citi
gens to remain iilterate. ‘The incorporatlo
of industrial or manual tratning schools woulc
rapidly givous more intelligentand more pro-
ductive labor

“Lean hardly understand how any | ePoon
ean doubt the advantages Which education has
given a large portion of the negroes of the
South, A visit to the publie schools where
there are competent teachers, or such tnatitu-
tions as Horpton, Claflin, Spelman, Tuskegee
Montgomery, &e , would dismiss all doubts an
scepticism [have heard much of ‘relapse into
barbarisin and fetchism,’ but between the Po»
tonac and the Rio Grande I have not seen it.”’

cost

 

   

IS NEGRO EDUCATION AT THE SOUTH
1 FAILURE? .

The Race Higher and Industrial) Edacation for the

Ite Relation to the Industrial Development Nevro Masses Are Both Needed.
of a ee BR ll gy a 7 7 The vital question of negro education is
oe t ‘. ; vo. oe . a «+ of Just now ut a very critical stage, and the tem-
} omg Me = a he = wit t "s i! ie 1 per of the controlling. dominant element of the
» 7 1 e | p fi we vv }

Prof. v i (aan i} "Prinaiea’ ‘- the | Southern people is of such chi.ractor that @
Agricultural and Mechanics! College for Ne- mistake that it will take oe VG porrebs: Une
+ Moral. A aa HO eating. |e easily be made, When, therefore Mr.

a ee NeGONE, | Gharios Dudley Warner of Hartford, Conn.,

editor of the African Methodist Church Re-
@iew of Philadelphia, who will speak from the
megrostandpolnt. Itis expected that at these
two disenssions Dr Barringer will be
upon to meet very earnest and
@ssaiilta pon bis pessimistic view
look for the colored menof the South, and that
the debates which will ensue will be of the most
important that have occurred since the race

the President of the American Social Science
Association. {n a paper read before the asso-
clution at Washington, on the 7th inst,, asserts
without gnalitieation, that the sehools planted
in the South for the academic and collegiate
education of the Afro-American people have
failed of the purpose their founders had in view
Warner does this without that

called
ned

of the out-

determ

Tbelieve that Mr
tanoe with the facts in the case which

Question In the South began to take on its later | 8°40"
and rather acute form should property go along wit) any such weighty
acute fo
ywisiders of the ject 8
Dr. Barringer’s position has already evoked | “‘ eiteration . = .
when the time aud place of his fulmination are

criticism from well-known men of the South
Among those who have replied in print to hts
Charleston speech ia Dr Jolius D Dreher of
Virginia. Dr. Dreher, who for thirty vears has
been a member of the faculty of Roanoke College |
of Salem, Va. and for

considered

It is
Warner makes i!
peeple

war in|

a very grave charge to make, as Mr,
tuat the $40,000.000, whieh the
of the North have ex.
uldiog up Jand main-

olanthrome
!

pended since the

tWenty-two years the

 

President of that institution, isa Southern man | Ss Tastes Ay acude nig ana collegiate schools ta

by birth, education and lifelong residence, Ho | Southern States for the Afro-American

gerved through the war in the Confederate People, bas beeu practically wasted money.
Let us admit that we have made a mistake

says Mr. Warner, as be brushes away the whole
fabric of higher education and sets before us
industrial education as» the be all and end all
! of the educational uecassities of a whole race.

ront among | who have labored the
ardes! for Southern development and studied

lose

frome’ and since the warended has been at the

 

the

the most earnest! problem which the war
and the collapse of slavery left for the Southern
people to face

‘ Dr. Dreher bias been n this elyy recently and) But I will make no such admission, I do not
old areporter © Hr SUN that he did not! . } . | ; . j

>t rom the ace with whie
Phare Dr Parringers views regarding the | have tu. From the complacent air with which

he treats the whole subject one would sup-
pose that Mr. Warner lias spent his whole life
in some Southern college for Afro-Americans
and in studying the race question at close
range, and the system of education planted
and nurtured by New Lugland men and women
who had sat at the feet of Horace Mann and
Heary Barnard and Dr Sears. which he con-

hegro, and that Le regretted that they had been |
@xpressed, for the reasou that they might have
tendency to discourse those who are work- |
ng alonw lines of education fer the blacks
which he (Dy Dreher) thought were having and
would continue to have good results j
“Lregret verv much,’ said Dr Dreher, “to
@iffer with inv friend Dr Rarringer upon a
Bouthern question, but | feel ita publie duty to
express mv dissent tothe pessimistic view he

 

'
takes regarding the outiook for the negroes. [| sigus to the limbo of talure, instead of ving
do not care at present, however, tosay any | spent most ot his life in literary work In the
more on the subject than T have already said in | North. far removed trom the race and the
AlMirucie L wrote for the Southern Churchman | system of education upon which he sits in
of Richmond sometwo weeks ago Although | judgment The gravity of the question in-

uinot be disposed of inthe way that
Mr. Warner says

Stimulated indus

 

self the editor of | volved
o review Dr Bare) Mr, Waiver would do it
ation and I did, ! as a whole,

Lam not an Epise palian my
the Churchman asked me

Ringer's address for his nn Have these colleges

“In that review LT osaid that Dr. Barringer ! gry, thrift, tue inciination to settle down to the neces-
Beems to have endeavored rather to make out) sary bard work of the world, or bave they bred idie
@ case aguinst the negro (han to Ree the hope- | ness, tndisposition to Work, & Vaporols ambition in

polities, and that sort of conceitof genulity of which
the world has already enough! ITfany one isin dpubt
about this be can satisfy himself by @ sojourn tn dif

 

u aapens 01 thesituution lle seems, in fact,
to lack that calm and judicial mind which is es-

sential to the discussion of such a subject as

this, His statements are (oo broad and sweep. ferent locatities im tie South

ing. It is claiming too much to sav, as he the condition of New Oneaus and its negro uni
does, that every man o nbiassed opinion in | versites bs often cited. It is @ favorable example,

every part of the South wou'd agree with hi: \ } Pe inns he Bebe oF the Babee Bas Senn Beene Dare
aed i ae . . + by int ‘ de of t schools

ane sew teen we nerntion of negroes | Government has tmposed upon the tnteliigent and

{ hat in parts of the South | sensitive population negro officials tn high positions,

some deterioration moy be noticed in the | because they were negroes and not because they were

ounger generation of negroes, there are also | specialy

opelul indications of the progress of the race | ability It is my bellef that the condition of the race

asa whole But Dr. Barringer sees only one | in New Orieans te lower than it Wasseveral years

tide of the question au. and that the iuftiuence of the higher education
“Dr Barringer criticises the frea schools for | has been in the wrong direetion

Regro children taught by veachersof thetrown | of say deliberately that the 169 academies
raoe. Hesays that the only thing got trom the | and colleges supported tor the Afro-American
States have “stimulated in-

pnisvstem of newro schools is anintense | in the Southern
b ed for the white race and false ideals of > dustry, thritt, the inclination to settle down
ife; he calls these schor forving beds» for |) to the necessary hard work of the world,” and
racial hatred and antagonism Now Tdonotat | the man who asserts the contrary does not
all agree with this if such intense hatred is | know what beistalkingabout, To say that they
learned in these schools, how ure we to aecount | have stimulated idleness, indisposition to work
for the general frieniy relations of the two) a vaporous ambition in politics, and that sort,
Taces in near all parts of the South? of conceit of gentility of which the world has
‘And then there is another point) In paint- | already enough, is @ malicious perversion ,of
Ing his dark pi tureof the negro of to-day. Dr | paet, which could only proceed out of dense
Barringer makes a remarkable claim tor the | ignorance of the facts. There are 27,000 Atro-
negro of the old regime He says "This Was | Anerican public school teachers in the Southern
the salient feature of slavery-—an inferior race | States. there are 1.006 instructors in the 169
about as moral as the higher Now itis admit- | geademies andcolleges. many of them. Afro-
ted on al! hands that stealing, Iving and immor- | Arjerican graduates, Ubere are 40,000 Sunday
ality were the charseteristic vices of the negro schor ] teachers, most of them women who
in slavery, And yet Dr Barringer savs the | jaye gone aygt of the schools into homes as
negroe- \ ere about as moral as the whites wives of honest mien, who willnot sell their
would rather like to Know \ hat the white peo- | enidren to pay their gambling debts, as Mr
ple of the South thinkot that \\arners ‘intelligent and sensitive population”
A little more than a year ago T spent some | of New Orleans habitually did before the war
time in niy native State, South Carolina, and [] there are 6,000 men in the ministry oo have
extended my journey into Georgia, Alabama | wradtated out of these schools; thereare 1,300
and ‘Tennessee, My ‘t in so doing was! layvers: there are 1,200 reputable physictans:
mainly to study this great problem TL talked | there are iso editors who are publishing weekly
freely with persons of both races in positions . er razi : 1
f . newspapers and magazines; and if Mr. Warner
to know both sides of the question. While I wou 7) with me to so small a place as Jack -
ned to appreciate more than ever before | Conyilie, Fla., | will point out to him at least

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the seriousness of the problem |] was tavorabl hue

dl my an ppe | jess, 0 sme ale
impressed by the forces hopetully at work for A oe Sloe he B pena? ones: oie
ag nl »pleseem to beso unreasonable asto | echoois, he "whistios Gown ne ees wore ie

‘ wople see ) paAsonable as te an \ 2 .
expect more of the negro than of the white man eae - Aa ae ee pn 7 ones
imilariy situated. With their Anglo-Saxon | Wh) are making tiara we dt eon
iad’ cad with many oanturies of fessdem bee | and money aa hasix o' race credit are not
hind then, what ia the condition of white people graduates of the plantations but of the acad-
. ences and colleges more, the men who fill the

to-day in imany partsof the South, especially

r ~ ) ,£ * oa »
ia the districts? The negroes, generally, ara | CVn Kang and who arelynched for “stealing

ehiekens

 

actually more eager for education and : ‘ ‘
improvement then the poorer whites ting ruminal assault’ are ee aduates of
The nevr> is imitative and wants to the eee ell a Wen a ney

white people de e > Ww > p S onan ‘ "
do as white peopledo Are the whites, then, We have reachod a queer stage in our polities

wetting him such an example of good morals
oe to law as to justify the unspar-
Ing condemnation of the viees and erimes of |
this weaker, imitative race? Lthink the mixed
blood among the negroes, the lynehings for
Various offences, and even on suspicion, and
the numerous crimes reported in the news-
papers are sufficient answer to this question

whena New England Republican editor, who
sits at the feet of Gen, Joseph K. Hawley, can
speak sueeringly of @ “vaporous ambition in
polities," which, since 180s, has stood eteadfaat
| and unmovable by the Republican party, un-
econaguered by the murderous “intellizent_and
membership of the Ku-Klux Klan

| and sup
'
|

 

Sensitive

   

 

 

 

 

     
 
  

 

 

 
 
   

 

       
 

              

     
     
 
     
 

 

  

   

"No greater calamity ever befell a people
than the importation of negroes into this coun-
try Tothe white race it has been an unre- | ton, a graduate of I

qualification for the voter and the wise weve.
the

of the need of interference in elections, but the

} sloners.

  
 

such States as South Carolina, Mississippi and } and South who think as he does, There is no
Loulsiqne under the wovernnent of the o-—
exoited within Dis init inpossible expecta.
, a and’ a2 between | ford how to educate properly the Afro-American
him and the white people the gulf which conati- 18
tutes such @ serious obstacle to harmony of
feeling Letween the races and to well-endowed

pathos in it
While Mr. Warner has been Areaming at Harl-

people practical men have been prosecuting t
work along the lines he indicates for many |
Gen, Samuel Chapman Armstrong lak

years,

the foundations of such academic and industrial |

training at the Hampton Institute in Virginia |

thirty- years ago and
rome yeoe fampton, has been making ©

the Tuskegee Institute, set upon a high hill in

hardly lessened, the evil effects of an enslaved | the black belt of Alabama, an academic and indus-
and miserable race, first in c¢ ntact as subordi- | trial training lighthouse whit hisconstantly ponte
nutes oud then in oceupaney of the same terri- South
tory. with equal eivil rights and privileges, Suff-
rage bestowed upon the negro, with no fitness for | which Mr. Warner thinks have
harce of the function, has demoralized | vurpose
the while people to an extent that awakens
The
supremacy

ing Its rays into the dark corners of the

7 , P +h schools in the 169 1
And there are other such. 66 ote in ea
and train-

an academic ,
Greens

There is
- one at

Httrick, No ¢

ing «choo! at

 

 

bore, S.C. one at Orangeburg, Ga. one atl ol-
lege, Fla; ‘one at Tullaliassee, Ala, one at Nor-
Prairie View, Miss, and on

mal Tex. one at
lat Rodney, Miss In 1806-7 there were 13.581
| studenta inthe industrial training sehvols of the
South against 1.311 who were taking the profess
sional and 2.410 the classicn] courses he total
! number of students in the 169 acadernies and col |
lowes was 45,402, alarwe majority of then taking |
the elementagy and secondary courses prepara~ |
tory to entering the bigher departiwents, That a
majority of them of their own volition will |
adopt the academic and industrial course |= 4 |
foregone conclusion, as the people now hee, |
thanks to the persistent agitation of the quesiien
by Gen, Armstrong. Mr. Washington and others, |
that that is the best education which best quall-
fies a man to make the best living in the con-
ditions that hedge him about in his) environ-
ment, and many of these men who take a college
course enter trade schools afterward; and who
will say that a college graduate who masters a
skilled trade or scientific agriculture is not bet-
ter fitted to succeed than one who has taken
only the acadamie course? And this tendency
among Afro-American college graduates {8
Bteadily growing. and those most interested in
the race and are devoting their time andtalents
to properly shaping the energies of the race are |
encouraging it all they can
A foundation had to belaid, Asa benefleiary
of New Pngland instruction in the groundwor
of my education in the South, I believe the |
foundation was laid wisely and well, There
need ve no tearing down of the old and building
of a new foundation: we need only build upon
what we have. There is no impatience among
the veterans in the Southern educational work;
they never say that their labors have been In
vain: they never despair of the future. The
sceptics, the seoffers and the critics are always
those who study the question at long range. in-
fluenced by the wailings of men like Prof. Bar-
ringer on the spot who never enter the homes of
educated Afro-Americans and seldom visit
their schools, and who teach in schools whieh re-
fuse not only to matriculate Afro-American sti-
dents, but deny to Afro-Americans even the
privilege of visiting their schools upon any ves
casion whatever, | understood that to be trie
of the University of Virginia when T was at
Charlottesville a vears avo. and I know it to
be true of most white Southern institutions of
learning * Thomas Foricni

 

 

EFFECTS OP NEGRO DISFRANCHISE*
MENT IN LOUISIANA,

One Man Elected to Two Offtces by a Single
Vote-Several Instances Where a Single |
Vote Elected—Great Influence Given to
the Few Whites in the Negro Parishes,

euyed

New ORLEANS, May 11.--Some of the
returns coming in from the recent State election
in Louisiana give strange evidence of the
influence of the new Constitution in) cutting
down the yote. It is told in the history of
Switzerland that at the time the old Swiss
Confederacy was overthrown by Napoleon, the
restrictious placed on the suffrage in the canton
of Berne were such as to reduce the number
of electors to 217, who did all the voting for @
population of 900,000. That & so :ewhat sits
lar condition prevails in some purts oO Louse
slana to-day the election returns clearly in-
dicate, and the votes by which officers were
elected are almost ludicrous,

In the parish of Assumption, for instance,
there were only seven votes in the Third ward,
yet these seven votes Were sufficient to elect
three officers, a Police Juror or County Come |
missioner, a Justice of the Peace and a Con-
stable. Four voters served as Election Commis-
This accounts for every voter in the |
ward—four of them were behind the ballot
box and the other three were candidates be-
fore it and were elected.

In Concordia perish, the vote in the first four

wards was; First, 10; Second, 10; Third, 15
Fourth, 7; total for four wards, or half tho ;
parish, 40, These voters elected twelve offi- |

cers, and twenty persons, or half the voting
population, were needed to man the boxes.
In the Second ward not @ vote was cast for
Police Juror, & most important office and one
greatly sought after, for the Police Jury has
complete control of the Government, finances,
assessment, &c., of the parish.

The Seventh ward of Caldwell did even better. |
Columbus Payne was elected Justice of the ,
Peace of the ward by the votes of two. Fortu-

nately for him he had no serious opposition, |
or his majority might have been small. The |
|

Constable, George Williarns, was not quite as
popular and received only a single yote, but

fitted for these positions by character and | as there was no opposition that one yote is

| sufficient to elect, and Mr, Williams's name
fleures among those of the successful can
didutes, As the Austrajan ballot prevails
in Louisiana, it is impossible to know whether |
the solitary vote that elected Williams wae his |
own, If it were. it is evidence that the cane
didate for Justice, Mr. Payne, did not vote
fair and return the compliment by voting for
Williams
; In the parish of East Carroll the total vote
cast was 167, These voters elected a full pa-
rochial ticket, including Sheriff, Coroners,
members of the Legislature and clerks of court,
besides the joca) officers. Some twenty polls,
with eighty Election Cominissioners were nec-
essar for the polling of these votes. A fair |
sample of the vote is seen in the First ward,
where two polling places were located. There |
were elected two Justices of the Peace, two |
Constables and one Police Juror, five officers |
in all. and 12 yotes were cast, The result
will figure as follows: kiection officers, 8; local |
officers elected, 5, total, 13; votes cast, 12, The |
Third ward of the parish also cast 12 votes,
but the Becond ran the total up to the high |
|
'
!

figure ef 13.

inal) as the vote in Fast Carroll was, it was
larger than that of Madison, where only 161
votes were polled to elect a full set of parish
or county as well as local officials. The First |
ward elected two Justices, two Constables and
one Police Juror, a total of five officers, iwth |
12 votescast. Theother wards voted as !ol!ows:
Second, 18 Third, 15; Fifth, 20; Sixth, 16 Seventh
18. Each of these wards elected three or more ,
officers and had from four to twelve Election |
Commissioners. @ an average there was one

arish or local offloer elected to less than every |

va votes cast in Madison

These two parishes, Kast Carroll and Madison,
constitute a jndicial district. The Distriet |
Judge, F. X. Ran-dell, received a total of 2x1 |
votes, and the Distriet Attorney, Mr. D. M. !

“sassing White folks” and “conunit- | Evans, 913

‘The contest in the Third ward of Morehouse |

inthe South | must have been exciting. There were four

votes cast, and three candidates. L.. Pallard was
triumphantly elected Justice of the Peace by
a vote of 8, but the candidates for Constables
were not so fortunate. Joseph Cox received 2
votes and Philip Highlemer2, making ita tie, and
requiring a new election so as to allow the !
four votes of the ward to decide between Cox
and Highlemer. In the next warn, the Fourth,
W. M. Tavior was Inekier. He received only

 

 

 

 

  

|
‘Now what Ihave thus said,” said Dr. Dre- | the hite Liners’ League and the Knights of | one vote, it istrue (probably his own), but as |
ber, “is nothing more than quotations from | the White Camelia! It Mr. Warner's conscience | there was no onposition the one vote was suf- |
what I have written inthe review published in | Justitles the sneer, Tam willing that he shall | ficient to elect him Constable of the Justice Court, |
the Southern Churchman Ido noteare to am- | ®6) a! the unetion o to! ithe can, , Fven closer waa the contest in the Ninth |
plify on the views expressed in that article, and | That sort of conceit of gentility of whieh | ward of Franklin parish, where the result would
am rather averse to discussing the question in | the world has already enough,” whieh Mr. | be worth investigation as an election curiosity
the form of aninterview. But what [said in| Warner stigmatize. is the verv rarest thing | One vote was east, but that was sufficient to
the Churchman believe should be saidin come. | imaginable among the graduates of the acade- | triumphantly elect W. M. Kincain Justice of
ment upon Dr Barringer < address | mies and colleges of the South and, as amatter | the Peace. Mr. Kincain seems to have been
Ai. Walter H ‘ Page of the publishing house | = ac ‘ an sort of gentility: is better than no she ony cqnainare if not the only verter, of
of Doubleday, Page & Co., isa Southerner—r jentilitv af a the war or he was not only elected Justice
native of North Carolina. and a graduate at Mr Warner saves further | of the Peace, but also Police Juror of his wane
Randolph-Macon College, Va, and bas givena | > The « situation fs much aggravated by the | There should hae heen elected a Constable to
ood deal of thought to the race problem in the | fact that there ts a considerable Infusion of white | execiite the mandates of Justice Kinenin, but
South, but deprecates discussion of the subjeer | blood in the negro race in the United States, lead- | there seems to have been no candidate for
in the newspapers as calculated to do mora | {Ne to compileattons ANG ® ate See Ro 9 sat are | the office and no vote cast for it. Mr. Kineain
bay th n good ' Mr Page said - Infinitely | ic lst OB) AG): eon bree nt con; evidently, nae thar t would if ill-advised
ora hundred vears the negro problem has qn oe ce Sore er . the a a ies to elec umse Constable as we ae Justios
been the mostserions trouble that democracy | 4 s sare Oe Yeas can 1" ! United Siathe tho lof the Pollee and Police Jurer, and refrain
has encountered in the United States. and it is | prado ativn ial to thatof the whites. Second, the | from voting for himsel? for the lesser of
avery serious problem now But it has been South needs ttg labor. Its deportation Ie an idle | Indeed It is diffic ult to see how he could have
rade a hundredfold more difieutt te deal with | drea Phe only visible solution ts for the negro | acten simultaneously as Justice and Constable
y the talk of politicians and preachers dj to bee ome nicgral ond tote! izent part of the in. | declaring the law and executing it. There
senentionalints The best contrit ution that any | dustria r . oo oe with mit abatement was no pee for Constat le cart in the Ninth
serious man can make to it, Whenever a fresh) | t iitence let is ourselves in the wardof Franklin and the offee is «till vag {
‘discussion’ breaks out, is silence. Talk is sim- | m sense, the selentifie, the historic line, Nor js it to be imagined that these SATait wine
Diy Ae lenient : i As to his infusion of white blood, where did | are due to a lack of population. The Third
ASHINGION, May 6 The Hon. J) M. I the \fro-Amer naetit? Who gaveittohin. | ward in Assumption parish, whieh east 7 votes
Curry being asked his opinion on certain state- | ¢ ge it now? The slave! has a population of 7,051. The Fourth ward of
ments nade by Dr. Paul B Barringer in his ad- | rivers foreed it npon | Concorda. which cast 7 voles. has 1.05% inhab-
dress on "The American Necro,’ said | y one fomiliar with tants. The Sevench ward of Caldwell, whi h
“Dr. Barringer’s position as chairman of the fthe South knows | ca-t 2 votea, has 596 inhabitants, and the Ninth
leading university south of the Potomac, j ' hangs over the | ward of Franklin, with a single solitary vote
high character apd ability and | i th a wood-looking » has apopniation of 639, while the Fourth ward of
scholarship entitfe his opinion ¢t } danghter in it is the tirel machinations of | Merehonse, which alae cast a single vote fir
seripus consideration Thereis no ocen young white lbertir stand in no awe of | Constable, has 1.884 inhabitants and ordinaril:
a controversy with him, even where d fferen breach of promise suits, or sults for support of f would have ecaat 629 votes
of opini« 1 exist but manvof his facts ore indis- | t r com vy ce uldren beeanae the inter. | These figures will ¢ve some idea of the effect
muta eandinfe ret way bes vlelyletttotime. | marriage races pro’ h do oby law. | of the new suffrave clause on the vote As the
fhe ne o, brought bron Africa, had behind | The white libertine is pr tected by law. the bla: k | representation {s based on ponulation, not
mM centuries ¢ arbarism ft d superstition, | and yellow viet.ms are left to expiate theig folly | votes, the resul) is very unfavorable to the wh ite
and whotever of evil infiucnces comes from he- | in shame and tears aud endless toil As forthe | families. Thus Madison, with 141 votes, haa the !
Tedity = tlis ens! iver vas beneficial in give complications and sorial aspirations that are | same representation in the Legislature (two
ing him a civilia d i>, habits of stry pat etic.” Mr Warner and others who think as | members) as Caloasieu, which cast 2.870 votes
and obed) ion far \ r to] he does need not werry over that phase of itat | and as the Constitution requires that the renre-
any that h I as having pos all: it will take care of itselt. The aeademies | sentation in all party conventions shall be |
sessed by | Isr Africa bits emancipation | and schools have created a type who are huild- ! hased on population, Madison with {ts votes
wrorlater, but pusht have | ing up a society system of their own astho | hasnearly the same repre-entation in the Demo-
i pre ipitately po sale Jews and other exclusive races have done | eratic Convention as Caleasien. The previsions |

which is amply suffleient ur them. Ever
large city, as T know from personal association
were suddenly thrust upon the negro, as if he |] has the nuclens of such a society As individ-
had been disciplined by education for what] uals broaden out and are multiplied in charé
other peoples have acquired slowly and after | ter, intelligence and wealth, they will find vastly
lor and paintul effort more white people who will want to associate

he nero has suffered from the ill-advised | with them than they will want to bother with,
acta of those who claimed to his special | The social question will take care ttself. T
friends The reconstruction measures’ and | have heen unable to find the pathos in it which

execRiion, the wicked attempt to place | so worries Mr, Warner and others in the Norts

‘

whtfu! ad
Emancipation, citizenship and suffrage

   

 

 

give the few whites in the negro parishes an

| extraordinary influenc@ in polities, far out of

| proportion to their number As 4 matter of ,

' fact, in these parishes there are just enough |
white men to hold the elections, All the offices
and serve na delegates to the party convention.
Every white man isapolitician, There is seldom
any opnosition candidates at the elections:
indend, there are scarcely enough voters in some
of the wards to allow of political opposition,

j credited to hint by John ft

| fit, 1

RELIGIO

   
  
 

 

Was Jesus of Nazareth the Sop of God?

To THE Eprron or Tue Sun—Sir:
Hawley
for

swering Mr, John 8
“Where ia the authority
was the only Son of God?" “C

Jesus is quoted as making this

Tn ans
when he asks
saying Jesus
redo" refers him

Hooker T. Washing | to John, ii, 16 and 18, and to I John, iv. 9% |
| It ig true that in the first of these references

exact claim; and

he might have udded several confirmative pas-

sages from the same Cospel
ix, 56, 37; xi, 4, and xvii, t-
time itis only fair to point ou
the Synoptios is Jesus credited
such claim at all, for his refere
as *Pather"’ can have no
cance, in view of the fact that

(See iv., 25, 26
5) At the saine
tthat in none of
with making any
noes to the Deity
marked signifi-
he taught all be-

lievers to address Hiin as ‘Our Father.” The
nearest approach to such a claim in’ the
first three Gospels fs to be found in
the trial scene. When the High Priest

said unto him, “Ladjure thee by the living God
that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the

Son of Ciod,"” according to
answered, ambiguously,
(xxvl., 64) According to Ma
“T am" (xiv., 64),
answer Was quite as unsati
quoted by Matthew, for he or
that Tam!" (xxii, 67-70). Jolr
ever, that he rety

all, contenting himself with

who had heard him proach, adding

they know what | said’ (x
John, also, Pilate is represe
“Whence art thout’ But Je
answer ‘xix, & 9) In John
people ask him
to this direct question is so
was scarcely necessary for t
note that his hearers underst

“Thou

According to

“Who art thou?’

Matthew Jesus
hast said’
rk he answered
Luke the
sfactory as that
ily says: Ye say
a declares, how-

id to answer the question at

elerring to those

“Behold,
viii, 19. 20) In
nted as asking,

sus xave himno
» Vill, 26°27, the
‘and the reply
involved that it
he chronicler to
ood not. Again,

in John, xif, 34-86, when he is asked, “Who is

 

this Son of Man?" his reply isi
The first three Gospels all de

ndefinite

clare that when

Peter acknowledged Jesus as the Christ “ho

charged them that they < voul

} hina’ (Matthew, xvi, 20: Mark,

Ltellno man of
viil., 80, Luke, ix.,

2). Atthe Transfiguration, when Jehovah him-
sell is reported to have acknowledied Jesus as

His son, Jesus charged his disc
vision to no man, until ie Sen
again from the dead’ (Matthe
ix 9, Luke, ix, 40). Whe
cast out acknowledved him

Iples to “tell the
of Man be risen
w, xvil, 9, Mark,

the devils whom he

bade them hold theirpeace, orsuffered then: uot

tospeak (Mark, i
Why was thi-? If

24-25

Luk

he came

nounce his Godship why should the faet be supe

pressed and kept secret? |<
such words were never utterce
and the injunction of secrecy
the Inventor to forestall possi!
from contemporaries?

At the baptismn by John
to have announced hy

Jelic

that Jesus was [is son. The
both saw and heard dhe is
said I bare record that th
God” (Matthew, iii, 16 Mark, i
John, i. 34 Yet iter, alter
desis had bee John actua

  

“Art thou he that should come
for another?’ More extraor
the enswer of Jesus, for inste
John of the voice of Jehovah
he simply refers to the mira
formed in the
and makes no direct claim to t

presence of

both volce

as the Christ he
6, iV., 84°35, 41)
fo earth to an-

i
it possible that
fat all by Jesus
merely added by
te contradiction

vah is declared

SS

j AS sc Tne

and vision |
Baptist himset |
reported to have
is is the Son of
1h; Luke, iil, 22
the ministry of
y scuds to ask
or do we look
dinary sill was

id of reminding
at the baptism,
les he has per-
disciples
» the Christ

Jolimn's

Tf Jesus ever made use of such a phrase asia

what le probably meant by it

the Jews are represented as ab
for blasphemy (John, x. 81-
himself by referring to the
have said, ye area gods: anda
clifidren of the Most High.”

is fair to inquire

| they insisted on interfering in matters which

Therefore, when |

out tostone him
89), he defends
82d Psalm: “'T
ll of you are the
If this

 

was all

that Jesus meant by the phrase, we might let it

pass withont further commer
dignant Jews
It we acknowledyve, however

begotten by Jehoval, if the |

) the inspired Word of God, as
ft is certain that he was neither the

only Son of God
of Adam, just as Adain was the

it, as did thein-

, that Jesus was
Nd ‘Testament is
well as the New,
Irst nor the

 

Luke makes God the Pather

» father of Seth

Marke, ti) 88) Moreover, there are many refer

ences to Sons of God in the
Thusin Genesis, vi 1-4, we ar
Sons of God saw
they were fair

 

the danght
and the
which they chose,"" ‘and

took t

also

id Testament
e told
ers of men that
hem Wives of a

after that

 

when

the Sons of Gods came inuntothe daughters

of men, and they bare ehildr
the same heeame mighty 1)
of refiown."’ So by thisit apne
was notonly a father but ag

four thousand vears before Je

en to them and
en of old, men
arsthat Jehovah
rand{ather some

ns of Nazareth

was begotten. Italso would appear that the
mumber of wives taken by one of these Sons
was only limited by his inelination lob tells
us of two occasions When the Sons of God eames
to present themselves before the Lord and on
both occasions, oddly enough,, Satan was
present with them QWJob, i,6,andii,i). On

another occasion the -ame a
time when “the morning star

andall thesons of God shouted for jov"

axxvili, 7)

‘thor tells of a
8 sung together,

lob,

Why should such an expression as “Sonof

God" mean one thing in one
another thing in another pla
speaks of laiuself as the Son
mean that Jehovah was His
and not Joseph’
when he declares to all Israel
of the living God’" (tf
too, did the writer of Roman
said: ‘For as many as are led

sed

God, they are the Sons of God,
| the children of

God?” (Roi
John says, too: “Behold what
the Father hath bestowed uy

should be ealled the Sons of God,

loved now are we the Sons of

 
 

If.
Joseph, was his physical far}
contradicted that statement 1
and, moreover, if he ever mac

place and quite
When Jess

of Giod does he

physical father,

If so, What does Hosea mean

“Ye are the Sons
» i, 10) What,
s mean when he
by the Spirit of
end, We are

ams, Vil, 14-16
manner of love
on us, that we

God" (1 John,

sus ever claimed that Jehovah, and not

ser, he certainiv
nore than once,
je it, he himself

rendered such testimeny worthless when ha
said:,“If T bear witness of myself my witness

{s not true’ (John, v, 31)

 

This {s a truism

embalmedin the Engtish tongue in the venor-

able saying, “It isa wise child
own father.”
PHILADPLPHIA, May 6

that Knows its
S.K Warens

Lost His Scalp Fourty-four Years Ago.

From the New Orleans Tm

There 1s an old fellow hvin
State,”

es- Democrat,

g near Grenada,

 

 

in my said & Memphis n at one of
the hotels, “who was scalped by the Ind
back in ‘56. T saw him recently when | was
down in his neighborhood looking after the
title of some farm property, and was great]
interested in his story. He is now ubout to
tough and gnaried as a tree, nnd the mark
of his horrifying adventure consists of a curi
ously ridged and indented sear. about four
inches seross on the top of his head

“He says he was one of a party of emigrant

 

 

 

 

 

who had taken what was then known as the
Fremont overland trail.’ for Cajifernia. and
while passing through southern) Kansas he
and two other young men left the iain parts
to ride after some antelope They were
intercepted by Indians and his two compan
|
ions killed) He himeclf was hot in the hack
and fell off his hor« haelegs The firing
was heard by the other emisrants, and a res
ene party drove e eVATES nwa Bur
meanwial they had scaiped ! youlur wn
and when piekecdt up he wae at firs Sup posed
to be dead ife was carried back and the neve
day turned over to some vthound travel
lees, who took him to St. Louis lie told me
it was over a year before the wound began ¢
heal, but, of cours his memory may bo at
fault as to particulars, The wonderful part

of it is that he recovered atia

   

when

skin
KIT id

  

in those days

         

ge Was practica nown
He used toh the sear with a toupee patel
wig, butatpresent he is entirely baldand wears
a tight-fitting ean
T dare say he is the only man in the world
who ever survived such an ordeal. His fore-
head, by the way, is ecuriousiv wrinkled ir
vertical lines, and his evebrows are raised
out of rhe natural rosittor That was what
first attracted my attention to him. He says

it was caused by the healing o

Misinformed.

 

f the wound

From the Indianapolis Preas,

“Thnear you Sundayed in And
“Oh, no; 1 only houred there,

erson lately,”

and, “Be- { had been disposed to each of them.

“that the |

therough kind

 

a, »

 

 

SE

lay ’ , it had become a skeleton no closet in the hi uw
}GHOST CLICKED A CALL | cot iret eerste ine na
—_ eno.

SION IN | o} story of the place to reach the conclu-
sion that something myeterious and  super-
natura) was affecting my Instrument night after
night and always at the same hour

“Then I resclved to put a stop to It all by
heroic ipasures, and I called in a force of men,
,. Without explanation whatever to them,
orgs the office to be torn down, I super-
vi the work closely, and when 1 found a
bundle of papers tucked away in a cubbyt
up near the roof | was not ereatly surpri

! Indeed, if 1 had found a skeleton and ap atthe

{ full of gibbering ghosts roosting on the rafters
I would have taken it quite asa matter of course,

) for T had become so rattled that I would have
| accepted anything as riahtand regular, Jp the
| papers | found nearly all 1 have told you duly
| set forth, with @ note to an attorney 1p rete
| concerning other papers in eonuection wit the
|

|

 

qu nt and cautious inquiry lear
| MYSTERY OF AN OLD MA the hi
A BOSTON SUBURB.

 

| It Contained a Telegr sh Instrement and for
Cc for
Several Mon There Came @ Ca

Help Over the Wires-A Murder Mystery
and a Heartbroken Father's Revenge.

Sometimes it happens that @ newspaper
reporter has an opportunity to go away one

rel trip solely for his own recreation amd
hot forthe profit of his paper. such areporter
Went loa suburb of Boston one quiet Sunday
not long ago, toenjoy the day witha fortunate
triend who doesn't have to work the other
si days. This friend owns one of thowe fine
old places one may see dominating tHe demesne
iv other regions of Massachusetts as well as in
The environs of the capital city, and the manner
of lis living is enough to make any man want
to throw off the shackles of toil and do nothing
all bis lifelong, except “just be @ millionaire,”
penniless poet or painter or other
Visionary has expressed it. This lueky man
having money enough to make “fads” enjoy-
. has several, one ofwhich at one time war
aruateur telegraphy

Liow are\wou doing in the telegraph busi- |

hess, now?" a®ked the reporter while ona tour |
of inspection and passing through a@ small
offies room. They had ste pped atfa telewra-
Weers Cible and instrument shoved over into
@ corner and showing rusty and dusty evidence
Ol disuse

“That doesn't loolt as if | were doing @ rush-
ing practice, does it?” said the friend, nodding
foward the table

“That's why L asked. I thought you were
going to achieve distinction in that line,” said
the reporter seriously, “for you seemed to
have the inborn faculty. I have had more or
less acquaintance with Edison, and I used to
do things every now and then very mueh as I
have seen him do them,’

l thought myself that was my best hold,”

he laughed, “but since I bave lived tn this hquse,
how three vears, IT have given it up. The

death of the young lady, I went at once lo see
that attorney, carrying the note and the papers,
and explained to him what | knew of the case
| was kind enough to take the papers te
| keep for me and w say that he would give me
' further explanations on the death of the last of
| the broker's children, two of whom had been
‘killed in a railroad wreck, one, the oldest son
had been shot in a saloon row in the Weert, and
the last one was dying with consumption or
dissipation at a New fork hospital, In due
time death claimed the consumptive and 1 at
once demanded the explanation the attorney
had promised me.

‘Without further ceremony he handed me a
written statement made to him by the broker,
whose lifesiong friend he had been, and which
the broker had requested him to give to any
one who might occupy the house and cireum-
| stances should arise whereby the occupant

would ask explanation®, This statement, alter
some preliminary history of the broker and his
family affairs and troubles, went on to say that
on the nught before the morning of the diseoy-

 

able

  

9 O'olock she was notified by the night watch
man on the place that there was a ‘call’ over the
wire at the Hittle office, This war pot unusual
when the broker came home late or did not come
at all, and the operator, purting ota light wrap,
went with the watchman to the office, At the
the door she told him she would call him at
10:3) to take her back to the house, as the
broker would come back on that train and
might have to return to the city on the mid-
niglit. As she did not call the watchman at
the hour stated, he waited for her a few minutes

 

ter, The light was «till burning, though the
blinds were tightly alosed, and there was ho re
Sponse to his knock,

where the telegraph table stocd and there he

 

tian who oceupied this Louse before me was found the young lady with her head on the
a rich stockbroker and a erank. | may say | table and one band resting cn the key of the
that the house had remained wnoceupied along | instrument Lyidently she bad tailen ssieep

in the Very act of sending a message, Jor (here

tine before L took it, The former oceupant | were titues when sle worked Jong end became

built just bevond the main house a small offiee
in which he placed an instrument and a private ; wo her, nor did she respond to @ second ¢

4 t. a . ‘ ’ 1 her
wire connected with his Boston office, and put | and he went over and tou hed b
rr ; een © I thing inthe toueh (rig iitened hin and he started

   

very tired. she did not answer when he sp

honie-

  

 

 
  
     

      

ery of the dead body of the oye Nor, at about.

and went to the office to see what was the mat+ |

Going in he passed on behind the sereen |

    

   

WOMAN'S CHANGED FIGURE,

NEW “LINES OF BEATTY” PRODUCED
BY HIGH-PRICED STAYS,

 

Two Women tn New Vork Kept Busy in Alter.
ing the Physical Outlines of Their Ststorg
The Powder Puff's Rival Cost of a Sten.

Ger Form Glut of Red Hats Nowadays,

ole | In an offlee building near ene of the cito’y

largest hotels is a woman who devotes he rset
to changing the physien! outlines of her eters
or of as many of them as have heard of the new
fashion in stays and ein afford to pay the prong
asks. To judge from the appearance
of fhe women on Fifth avenue nowadays the
number of these is large. Smart kore
tell heim ustomers that it ts mot possitle ro
secure the best effeets of their sk Iles the

 

she

ares

gowns ore fitted over these new corset. These
produce the fashionable flaure. and the modiah
gown w to-day an inseparable part of thy
fastionable figure, One is searcely poss tte
without the other. Its features are fay v
; and the greatest tribute paid to its charme
by women is their willingness to submit ta
an inercsse in their waist measure of from

| three to four inches, For strange as it pay
seem new stays make this difference oa
the waist, The compensating er is oan
absolute disappearance of the abcemen even
in the ease of stout wormen The bust NEO
sarily very low, as the corsets are not sore
thon five inches high. In addition to
the sizeof the waist their tencency
the bust smaiier, and that feature iy {
them unpopular with some wre are ou te
by the long enrves. and the straight back which
they usually produce, The maker of thom
stays finds herseli so oceupled Toata fipet ity g
is not promisad uader (aree weeks. ‘They ora

the

 

 

tried on as carefully ax a gown and tever
leave her hands untii satisfactory in every
particular. Further down town is anetber

| woman who is devoting herself with alr t
as much absorption to changing the New York
feminine figure. Her method is sore hat
different. although the generalelfect isthe saive,
| The stays made by her cone jn three separcte
jeces and are not united until after they hava
toon put on the wearer, Womnen who year
{them may be recognized by the same peo.
{ fiarex produced by the other woruan’s “
although health rather than modishress
endeavor of the vod munmufaesiur
style came from Pare atid was brow
vears ao by an American aet ress

peculiar Neure had always heen regare
the residg of nature rather than art Bat the
women woo followed ber esxcimple all toon ome
her nowadays and are perfectly satisfied

£

 

|
some

  

' .
) Wf it is possible to describe the new invertog

in such contradictory words. face powder lag

 

 

in charge of it as operator a young woman ] at ones to the house for help. On the way be Sid ree i
about twenty-five vears old. That) was fif- | met the broker » had come on the 10.90) been supplanted by face paper, which has the
teen years azo } and together they returned to the fice Ih) same effect as the appbcation of powder hot
“ . oe a motent the broker discovered that the gitle | sin reality like an ordinary sheet of brown
The girk was bright and interesting and of | qa. dead. and in another that she had no doubt | eh eee ale gee Aiton ager
good family, but not especially preity, and she) been smothered to death at the table and left) Wrapping paper, 0 we intense ord
Was ab orphan There were stories that the | there to convey the impression rat she nee kind, in fact, in which the butehers do up @
i died naturally. Without telling the wateh- * whan wm provers wrab a hbunc}
sroker ke “ \ . te ound of eho or the groc wrap o bu of
broker, a widower with grown children, wanted man of his suspicion, indeed telling him that ee h i ll a eee
to marry her, but his family opposed it) so | the girl must have died trom heart failure, he radishes. Yet every woman in New rk toe
he was afraid to defy them. Like a great many | consulted with him as to w hat ve best ha Be | dav who wits to keep up with the latest proc
he late ay if _ | done under the circumstances, and it wes de- | ecco. in beautitving has a little package of
men, he calculated the costs of such con cided that the watchman, an old family ser | : Ce Sct tite a bunk bok K )
Hicts and hesitated for along time before com> | vant and perfectly trustworthy, shouid carry square papers pusted Jike a bo« k yee o
hy to a positive ecouclusion. When he finally | the body of the operator to her room and leave | pasteboarg covers to be torn out for ise whene
ly ac the bed as if she had just come | gyer 1) re needed. This little packag
sot the courage, he got yo q | her lying geross G i ever they are header iis | package has
«i lie ¢ rage, he wot plenty of It and | ang 4S en there. This was done and the seg get reste gs AP dicount oh sarees
very briefly and firmiy one day he met bis | maid had digeovered the body tn the morning ne ae) See IGIS Pe tise par '

The old watebman never suspected any
foul play, and the murderer had se shilfulls
done his work that the Coroner found bo signs

lof it at the imguest. Naturally enough the
eminent respectability of all concerned and
| the absence of any catise for suspicion made
| the Coroner Jess rigorous in lis examination
than be might otherwise have been

family at their house in town, whieh he pre-
vided for them, aud formally announced that
on the t5th of the following month he would
marry the young Woman telegraph operator,
then in his employ. Further, he would say that
if they made no more trouble for him, he would
give them their fair shares of his estate, but if | “The broker was no keener in his detective
sense than the others, but he had a suspicion
| that the others did not have, and he had picked
up a pecuilarly carved silver lead
on the table at which the dead girl had sat,
which, if the watchman had seen there,
would have meant nothing more to him than
| the property of the operator, It was nol,
) however, and the broker knew only too well
! that it could only have got on that table b)
| falling from the vest pocket of his son during
a struggle What that strugele was, the
result showed. As he saw it then, there was
but one course tor him to pursue. His affi-
{ anced wife was dead, his son wae her mur-
| derer, his other children no doubt accesso-
res, his heart was broken and his lite wrecked
and to take any action toremedy the wrongs
done him would only make matters worse

only concerned him and the woman in question,
he would transfer all his property to her while
he lived and make {t impossible for them to
have any part of it

This Was a crushing blow to their ambitions,
and when the father left the house there were
such threats of what they would do as would
have called for police action bad they been of
a lower stratum of society. However, every-
thing seemed to move along serenely. .nd the
members of the family were so far reconciled |
(o the inevitable that they came out to visit |
their father and incidentally to meet the young |

 

was the best course, and perhaps it was. In
a spendthrift and disreputable chap of 2, | #2) event his children never suspected that
tho had the leade ; | he knew, until the end came, and then his dis-
who hue he leader of the opposition, posal, or destruction, of his fortune may heve
Was now quite as anxious to obtain his father’s | given them some slight hint that he had just
yood will,and even we ‘ . cause for making ho further provision for
: : : : / ° j , . -~ ’ ) far astocall two or them. Certainly they never told their sus-
* : 1 his future stepmother picions, and it is only fair to them to say that

woman who was to be his wife. The oldest son,

Ohne moraing, about ten days before the por did not ask any too many questions of
wedding day, when the servant went to the | thet father’s last act
eoune a man’ id . th | That was the story, and from it I deduced
ing wornan’s room to call her for breakfast, | the conclusion that the girl had made some effort

at the time of the attack jo call the office

she found her lying aeross the bed fully dressed. |
of the broker in town and give an alarny, orin

A hasty examination by the frightened maid

reveaied the fact that she was dead ad | Sone Way convey the informauon of her dead),
peu! she as ad, and she | peril. and she had probably succeeded in send-
a ve notified the broker, who was starting | ng a call in, but at the time the broker had

left his office and was on his way home. How
in later years, or why, the spirit of the mur-
Is | dered operator sheuld haunt the little office,
broker called the Coroner, who, after | and sead out its ery for help, f am not able
an examination, decided that death hed re- te explain Perbape there may, be home Slee,
ad fro " baacie a ge ric current reaching from 1 Immatena
sulted from natural causes and gave his verdict | world to the material, or there may be some
accordingly. The body was then removed to | law of electric physies which applies in this
inoundertaker's in the city, where it was taken | _, if there be, 1 do not epew It. ane i am
ine? re by the nart of kin. P ee , | sure o not care to learn it under the tute-
i irge by the nextot kin. The private funeral, ‘Tage of any ghost. That is why I have re-
tie expenses of which were paid by the broker, | tired from the telegraph business, and why
followed, and the incident was closed with were is pet even a aan of ve sige. ne litle
nly the merest mentic i . office with its murder and its ghostly visi-
oat ie merest mention in the newspapers, | tant. I have even removed every wire from
of then contenting themselves with an | the entire prereises for fear that somewhere
tor ten line notices, inasmuch as there were | 4 the strpoapnere ef the pars uae geri of
fas : that smothered girl may. stil be fluttering
eatures appare' : }
Mures apparent, and sudden | and reaching out its struggling fingers to touch
unusial One German paper
had a few lines additional, but the notice waa |

the kev and tell the story of her taking off.”
“Well.” remarked the reporter, “how does
hiefy devote ; . : | it happen that such @ strange tale has not had
che devoted to kindly remarks about the | more circulation? Surely things like that don't
dead girl, as she had at one time been em-

J come to pass without peorle generalivy hear-
ployed as governess in the editor's family. of | ing of therm some time in all the years that have
course, nobody ontside of the family knew

meres: 4 ¥

“But, my dear fellow,” replied » fri ’
anythine the broker's proposed mar it, m a replied the friend
Tiawze to his operator

“there haven't been any years to intervene
The consumptive died five days emo, and if you

The broker continued to live in the house,
but he gave up his business and all connection

for the train to town. It was noted that the
young Woman had been dead for several hours
and the

el
no sensational
deaths are not

about

will take the trouble to get a New York paper
and look over the death }ists on one of the days
last week vou will find the name of the per-

 

 

with worldly affairs, ¢ fter sev ,
wean wid aie aaaller several yearn at's | gy gene, tT Moa gy Su wl ol or yb
erally for lus children in town, he died and was it That is the part T don't tell. if what you

tell reveals it, that is not of my Coice
The reporter arose from his ehoir
“By the way.” he said instinctively, “didn't I

understand you to say that those dots and

dashes made by the ghost, or whatever it wis,

stood for the letters H and N?”

| “That is what IT said.”

“Mav Lask what the H and the N stand for?”

puries with considerable ceremony .
weir

   
 

Then the |
with tearful eves, began looking up the

po rs ii order to determine what their share of
us supposed great property would be and how it |
This was
very soon setiled, because the papers showed
that he had converted all his property inte

money, Which he had kept in his safe and sent te

 

   

his ehidren in monthl remittanee: Oh,” apologized the friend, “I quite forgot

\ ‘ 8 of sue )
amounts ay he felt inclined. Thera remained m that. Those were the initials of her name
the safe tue less than two thousand dollars, | Hilda Nathalie. Thatis all To may tell vou,
with a note to the effect that all the balance, in | CxeePt that she had adopted themlas her ‘eall.'”

United States currene:, had been destroyed
and a pile of aie in the sale bore silent toati-
mony as to the manney of its destruction. Even
the houses in which he and they had lived had
been sold for cash, with the proviso that the
purchasers Were bot to take possession until |
alter tis death. It was a clean-up of the most

10 AND HIS “BUFFALO”

Flow the Wily Red Man Utilizes a Product of
the Slaughter House.
From the Anaconda Standard
The Montana Indian is something of a schemer
himself. Me comes to town and sometimes
walks all over the place withont saying a werd

HORNS,

 

Atier | had been in possession of the premises
long encugh to get things in ship-shape I began
setini UP some poles to carry out an entirels
nes idea ] had hit upon in telegraphs. Of

 

e Inse knew Bbout the vise office, though || to any ons. Sometimes he brings ina few sets
new none of its history then, and | pressed { ) . niu ' i .
inte serviee at unee ax part of ms <n f of polished mounted cow's horns, which he

sells fora dollar ortwoaret. He never frequents

fitted Cun with the usual telegraphie parapher-

nal a ys ding an instrument, and this Leen. | saloons He looks into clothing store windows
neeted woh the instrument right here bah u . ok » «] ) 1

me, In this httle room and the big one diene but never bucks the slot machines in cigar
ne T passed nearly all my time, stores. He frowns us he passes a restaurant

 

   

    
 
       

  

    

       

 

 

 

   

 

  

 

   

        

[ siopose iC Wis 81k OF eight months efter | | but smiles while walking through the sweet-
ha wing here before | got inv wires cun- | scented alleys back boarding house
ning, 4 in that time Thad diseovered nothing : a ee
outof the erdinary, nor had { ever heen dis. In a horse trade he takes the prize, if there's
turbed. On the first night, though, that | had | one to be taken, for he was never known to get
the wires connecting mv den here with the litth | the worst of suel a bargain The reason of thie
ofl my troubl ecan ] was sitting 1} at however, roay lien the joet that he bewins th

I rem her quite well that it was q negotiations with nothing to lose and every-

pis wWithte vvht, by me « n wood fire in win However, he has the reputatios

vr pot tth re, W fit poman to hear my r

netrumer Te one fainti listened is schemes shine brightest is in ep

n rand went nto the room, when \ Tat s ‘ pol a Mato porns He | vie at
‘ ena ie n the sounds began te struggle, ag | nea of the sia ? ses On the gor Ht

to ndthen, as if with agreateVort. there | side, and there he r his “buffal ceca,

v hort ticks, followed by 11 uae S Ana rll sixes, curves and consistencies, Ste’ lee
hort one The first time these came with outaset of ox herns of syn metrien! prog edie
rYeult parenth:, and then thew fel scrapes the seales off and beds the horns in

midi, as if there were need of hase | solution of alveerine, woed ashes and wate .

e ticking beeame what is known as qo This treatment settens the horns, so th ee »

eall rt Vis it Was Some One eome yhere enall- knife will easily retneve all the extaris r aha

ing, and the call was comnosed of the lettera HE) mulatior Phen fire sandpaper is used to sive

and NI and the ticking, which could | the first polis), f owed by atheronghm bbir 3

eorreely b inte Nigible, and whieh seemed | with a fannel cloth slightly saturated wit! GT
te eran in with theeall, lasted perhans fourer | A var v il s then appled. and the
f ud? dedaway, as ifthe sender | horns condition for mounting Then}
were gracuill long stroneth work immed over te the squaw. who dees

What it all ant T could form no distiner the really artistic work. Red flannel and bra y
dea further th that something was the mat. | beads netimes, and na strip here and ther:

‘ omy wire, or perhaps some one was | of buelkskin, a few brass-headed tnela ard
having A joke at my ey nense by calling me from | the mounted “buffalo” horns are ready te hn
Gite Tacing my butler and a re market an rae
J went to the om *, following the jine | Mr. Duek « 8 to town and the tender
oft V which was in perfect condition, as | asks him where he “ket hem buffalo horn 7
were silt instrynents ar d everything in the | In Vallowstone erunistheb ef oe
bie ' HAS Uhre Se foo, and guite Hiow neh? asks their . \
tmpos tol cof entrances, & Thad double strengthe | Tw doll Hiteneine Durchanet
ened the doors and wo ndews for the benefit o¢ | ‘Too muches
my exveriments Wirhonut saving anything to | No, no cheap thue dolls, ugh
any of the people in the house, [went to hed The tenderfoot inspeets the work and eatie-

‘

flex hime! that they are really the horns of an
almost ext net species of the malestic Westerr
animal, and he hands over the coin and walks

 

and en the next nleht Twaired with much anxi
et hear what would hapnen. Exactly at the
same hour and with exactly the same features

 

| a on the matt wfore my instrument clicked | away proudly with his prize
oft ite nv aterious cal), and again almost told me The Indian moves off down the «
bits ‘ nd a ’ ; ‘ treet, turns
the details of a struacle somewhere, the first corner and disappears up an alley =

 

“Every tight it wae the same, and when I had
visitors T out the instrument out, so that by no
chance shonid any pereon except myself learn
of the skajeton I Lad in my den; for by this time

‘

CURED while you work. You
pay $4 when cured. No cure,

 

RUPTUR

penell |

For that reason he had pursued what he thought |

{rt we ed onse lw

Pone of the best-«r

ho pay. ALEX. SPEIRS, box 93 Westbrook, Maine | gum shues an

} outitot every fashionable brovgham and is the

 
 
 

 

first thing that ever succeeded in reect j
cosmetics and golt A woman living on the
upper Westside : ted the substitute lor powe
der and jowede and a knowledge « 4
convenlenoe spr so rapidly that she ean
‘hardly supply the little books rapidl enough.

) Over the suriace of brittle brown paper is thins

| scattered an alinost imperceptible laver of po we
| der jt ': net that, however, whilet -
} pliskes the result secured by the use of the pas

pers: bit sore medicinal cuality said to be

parted to every sheet by the invention « .

maker 4 | * of the paper rubbed over the
| fare gives the clear look of the constant woe of
| the powder pull, ulthough ne trace oi th cos.
} Tagtle isi ticeable and for that reason tli bew
| substitute is | urtienlarly useful when tine is
| short. What the papers really seom to do isto

| absorb nil the crease in the skin and this eons
| bined with the small amount of powder \)
the papers contain givesthe woman the tres!
and spotless look to be expected just after she
has left the toilet table. Tf any one sere a
wornan rubbing ber face with a small square of
brown paper it is not to be attributed to any
| eccentricity on her part nor to economy cr &
desire to saye her handkerehief jt is for 1
| sake of the freshness that comes from the tse
lof the absorbent paner and the faint laver of
maunve colored powder applied to it

| A woman in publie life reduced her sive to
| exquisite proportions by @ process Bo heroic
that it is doubtful ’ her health ever recov: 4
from the strain, & e accomplished her pur-
pose, for instead of a rotundity of figure whieh
promised to ruin her beauty entirely, she has ac
quired the slender gracefflness of a youce
girl ft was not wholly for its a@sthetic ef
that she undertook this reduction, as the phy +l-
cians told her that her health might be impre od
hy the loss of flesh Whether or pot they sug-
| gested the methods which she adopted cannot
fi: diseovered by her friends, as the subvect is
already a delicate one and {8 rarely referred to
in her presence by reons farniliar with the
results of what she did. Her case was certainiy
more remarkably than any other of the kind.
Perhaps no other woman who had nassed the
age for slenderness, gore over into the e'age of
, avoidupois that comes with the late thirties. and
apparently acquired a figure that was to remain
with her through life, ever recovered within eo
short a time the form of a young girl, It was of
course as much her own destre to retain her
beauty as it was toretain her health that moved
her to take this step, and it is useless now to
attribute it entirely to her physician's advice,
although that was largely instrumental atthe
time. She took internally fodine. a drug so
| powerful that its application to the skin involves
| danger. This heroje treatment was splendidly
suecessful from a spectacular point of vow.
The woman of forty looks like a girl of twenty,
but her health is hopelessly impaired, so far as
her physicians can at present determine She
became a sufferer from stomach trouble alter
using the medicine, and her nervousness from
this cause is so great that her professional
career appears to have been practically arrested
by this treatment. Whether she wil! recover
her health and be able to continue siecessfully
for vears to come her career, as \inder ordin-
ary circumstaances she would have been able
to do, remains to be seen She at least has the
satisfaction of knowing that her ferh ie not likes
lv to return. She is as slim as she was on the
dav she ended the treatment, and shows no dis-
pon tion to take on flesh again Indeed. her
eunness seems liely to become foo conspleious
and she is ot present a constant sufferer

 

 

In midsunmimer the shop windows of the Fifth
avenue milliners always reveal eloquenty the
color that failed. Every season brings fortia
certain shade on which the miiliners evident
count strongly, and it invariably happens thes
the public responds to this expectation in likes

warm fashion. One year it may be a shade of
mauve. Last

summer it was green Wien
July came hats in every shade of green strowW
were offered at pathetically low figures 1%@
same experience befell the purple and ma.ve
headgear of the season before, The hits
rested disconsolately on their perches jong
after all the others had heen sold and naiyv
went into the paradise of unsold bats wherever?
that may be. There are already indicat 4
this vear that another color hos failed ant
safetopredict that nine hats ten of
fered for sale in August will be
ranging in shade from
dominated the April exhit
inviv soleited pure} ” Vohbole wind
| of them blazed at the passers-by while 4 .
| and cherries seemed triumphant on eve
' But they lingered in the shoo winde ‘ -
| picious pertinacite. They d
ve seen Aaain in the foliov gwhek as
posaiuet "het the public interest ‘ rie
ciple of you see me and now ver
v neary as now

 

 

4
out oof 7
red. R 3
brick-duat t ;
ts and overw -

     

    

Ippeare

wrest
milliner to make a sj endid

fs as it was at the beg neoft “
Some few mav Ve bee acid fut in?
Jucy dave it is said that a woman will pr
he able to buyvar
figure. She can get one to-d
price than sis wand pa for
eolor AJreacy the n mimer re ‘ ! 4
set in for other « r
rival siigmests Always how
he when it is nossinle already te ell}
The price
Yet that is

erent ’ er
great t r

hea ter enonly #& few week “
poss Cre woman in a l
avenue ust week returned with a heonne
bong weeks before and wished it te he
tered it one pourtl ar and Ww e She 4
| % tir there was thee Tomar citath
the part oof the propri
| else I" will buy al
her FY if

 

tor to bu mie
tne

und t nite
ta honnets beard

.mmornrg

wnona = in ow

anvel ge here voy want

Paris you can have
for an The offer was inviting bout trving
he saw a duplicate of the bonnet for
had paid @25 three weeks before

Congressman Lands Mells Hts Gam Shoes,
WASHINGTON, May 12
of Indiana left his hotel
witha bundle of franked speeches to mail to
his constituents, and a pair of “guin shoes”
over his beots, for there had been rain When
he reached the sidewalk the shower had sub-
sided H@ revioved his @um shoes, bundled
them ina paper and hunted a Government re-
ceptacie for newspapers and packages, raise
the lid and dumped them in yhen he reache
the Capitol he found that he had malied big
put bis speeches in his pocket

Congressman [ands
one 1 orning reeenty

 

    

aese2ee

2253 0es

=

2

- 229

eho

bo'

oun

th
in
anv

bo
ol
bim
R
and
at
cit
the
tu
e
Ha
a-.
And

the
6

mn
thi

wi

th

uw
ay
th

me
af

TOPS omoce ers

3°s