cone
hich
fresh
r she
es
re a
anv
ora
pr the
he use
er of

ize to
heroic
overs
pur
whieh
as ar
oOunRk
effect
hysi-
roved

suR-
annot
ject is

d to
h the

Hr

ro
ona
ted
cover
ae
ordin-
able
has the
pt likes
on the

nod
d, her
picuous

Fifth
tly the
orth a
dently
ns thas
n luke
ade of
When
Dp atruw

The
mauve
e hats*

long
finally
erever
Heations

nd it is
ten of-

itowere
the prine
don't.”
eavere
- of red
seaeon.
e early
robably
her own
cheapet
y other
tion has
arly ar-
ft must
«ot half
ks ago.
a Fifth
bonnet
it to he
she was
ation on
sething
ya” Be
cate all
hearin,
‘ork an
u want
ing, as
which

Shoes.

Landis
recently
mall to
"ite
had s'
Rrindied
ent re-

hed

Ned bit
lal

—— SS ———

G49 MAKING IN NEW YORK.

ye NEW AMSTERDAM'S PLANT AND
Te" EXTENT OF 17S BUSINESS.

e Company Was Formed and the
Are Behind It-Ite Tannel and
y Process—Capital and Funded
pedt-Its East River Tunnel—Its Futere.

all the gas consumed inthe boroughs of Man-
pattan and The Bronx is supplied from works
wnad, oF practically controlled, by two gas
; rpanies, One of these is the Consolidated
ey ompany and the other is the New Amster-
- (Gas Company. Most of the plants of
the Consolidated are on Manhattan Island,
whore real estate is high. The principal plant
yihe New Amsterdam is at the foot of Webster
enh Long Island City, on the bank of the
+ River, where real estate is cheap. The
other plant the New Amsterdam has is
yp at Port Morris, near the shore of Long Island
gound, where real estate values can still be
without the ald of a teleseope.

yver since last fall, before the Consolidated
got prac sical control of the Standard Gas Tight
Company, oF to xpeak more accurately, before
the Copsolidated bought from Russell Sage
a block of standard stock, which the other
ptockholders say isn't a controlling interest
tn the company, when three companies started
fn to put one another out of business by cut-
the price of gas in the two boroughs
Scenta a thousand cubic feet, except

lime, when the New Amsterdam
lowered the price to $60 cents and for another
ahort tine when it raised the price to $1.10.
Kot long after the gas war began, @ director
of the New Amsterdam Company was asked
bow long it would continue. His reply was:

“1 don’t know and I don’t care much, There
fe no profit in selling was at 65 cents. In fact,
the more a company sells the worse it is off.
Bit tha New Amsterdam can stand it as long
asany of ‘em. We never have paid any divid-
ends and we don't have to. We haven't got
ary plants on high-priced real estate and we
believe we can make «as cheaper than any
outfit in these parts. Therefore, let
We can stand it if the other

e Way th
Men That
tus Factor

ony

ting rates,
bes heen 65
for a short

otrer
the battle go on,
fe‘lows can e
hile it ts possible that those who know
pemething about the cost of making gas smiled
oe about a gas company getting poor in
gipplving gas at 65 cents @ thousand, these
sane men, it was found, agreed with the fur-
ther statement that the New Amsterdam was
{n as good a condition to stand A gas war as
any of its competitors, and perhaps in a better
endiion, The company has plenty of money
behind it, the Standard (il Company is rep-
resented in its directorate and that keen-minded
men and experienced @as maker, Anthony
X jrady, owns a large block of the stock and
fe ivays ready to guide the company through
t o-h places when the touch of his master
b er eeded
New Amsterdam Gas Company was
porated under the laws of the State of
York on Nov, 1, 1807
ysinese in New York was pretty well
p among half a doven or more companies
of these were the New York and Fast
Gas Company and the Equitable Gas
ght Corapany. Gen, James Jourdan, the
4s gas man of Brooklyn, was at the head
the Kast River outfit and associated with

m were August Belmont, A. D. Juillard,

T. Wilson, Fmanuel Lehman, Harry B. Hollins

d others. The works of the company were
» the foot of Webster avenue, Tong Island
City, familiarly known as Ravenswood, and
t'» gas was piped to Manhattan througha
tuunel under the East River.

“he President of the Equitable Company was
Harry Keene, a brother of James R. Keene, and
associated with him in the management were
Anthony N. Brady, FE. J. Jermanowski, ( harles
F. Dieterich and John Sloane, Jermanowski,

the Baron, a8 he was called, was the inventorola
superior process for making Water gas. Hecame |

cume here trom Germany, exploited his proc-
es and was soon appropriated by Brady, who
sa't in the habit of letting the other fellow get

any of the good things Brady needs in his busi- |

ness ff Brady can help it. The Equitable plant
ys ct the toot of East Forty-second street,
rewards these two companies, the situation

then, becore consolidation, was this: The

River Company had away the best of any gus |
company in New York so far as the location of its |

plant was concerned, It hada plenty of land in
Long Island City, where land was not so high as to
be one of the chief assets of a gascompany. It
bidaspick-span new tunnel under the Fas: River
through which to bring its product to New York,
and it hada profitable field to work at the New
York end. The Equitable had Jermanoweki
aud his new process, which was far ahead of all
oluer processes, and it had Brady's genius
Hrady Saw the advantage of a gas plant with
eyer> real estate and plenty of itplusthe Jerg-
manowski process. Gen. Jourdan saw all these
things, as Value of an alliance
wit) Anthony N. Brady. The two got together
and talked it over. Then they talked it over
with other officers of the two companies, When
two such men are agreed on a proposition some-
ting advantageous for both usually follows,

The result was the organization of the New Am-
sterdam Gas Company and the purchase ” itof
tie hast Kiver, the Equitable, the Central-Union
anid tie Northern-Union companies, the plant of
the latter beuuag at Port Morris and the fleld the
‘Ll venty-third and Twenty-fourth wards
The new company was capitalized tor $25,-
O0).00), represented by 230,000 shares ol stock,
éuen share of the par value of $100. Of this
ainount, $10,000,000 was 6 per cent. preferred
stock, cumulative after July 3, 1900, and the bal-
ace Wascommon stock, Of the preterred stock
$).00.000 1s outstanding, and of the $13,000,000 of
common stock $12,155,000 has been issued, The
funded debt of the company amounts to §22,
Bio) Of this debt $0,000,000 15 lirst conse
{dated mortgage 4 per cent, gold bonds, issued
Mn 1s08 and due Jan. 1, 104s, interest payable in
vanuary and July. The authorized issue of
those bonds 14 $20,000,000, and they are a direct
lien upon the property Or theamount un-
leiad, $0.000,000 1S reserved for the retirement
Of pror lens and $2,000,000 for extension and
Improvernents. In the debt, also, are $4,500,000
Eyiitable Gas Light Company consolidated first
hiortg@age 5 per cent, gold bonds, issued 1502,
Gia Maret: 1, 1092, with interest payable in March
tnd Septensber. These bonds are a first and
only len on the property of the old Equitable
ms Tight Company. Then there are $500,000 of
Equitable Gas Light Company 5 per cent. deben-
ture bonds, issued iInflse6 ane payable from 1001
to 18. These bonds are not a lien, but their
Payment was assumed by the New Amsterdam
fonpany, and a further item of the funded debt
1 4 *.000 New York and East River Gas Com-
eh ‘rst mortgage 6 per cent gold bonds,
r led isvt and due Jan. 1, 1044, in coupon form,
Tho, Ged interest pavable January and July
quent Dor dsarea first lien on all the property of
{Rast River Company, Next is $1,500.-
n New York and Fast River Gas Company
a nsolidated mortgage 5 per cent. gold
PMs, issued 1895, due Jan. 1, 1945, in coupon
itn. $1000, interest payable January and
yi These are secured directly on the New

‘ ri and Rast River Gas Company, subject to

well as the

rigage,
bonds already
$3.2 ye Central

securing the issue of $3,590,-
deseribed. Then there
Union Gas Company
lortwage § per cent. gold bonds,

/ in 1807, due July 41 1927, in

On form. $1,000, interest payable January
/Jilv. These bonds are secured br ‘react
1 "pen the property of the Central Ua on
.< Compar ind are guaranteed as ty woth
{OM and interest by the New Amsterdam
“ny Another item is $1,250,000 Northern-
nile ata Company frst mortgage 5 per cent,
Mie U7, interest payable May and No-
veired by direct lien on the property

id Northern-Union Gas Company, guar

a fo both prineipal and interest by the

r; erdaim Company

ie A MANAgeMment of the new company was
the hands of the following officers:
virdan, President; William (, Lane,
Ferd Huntington, Secretary
rer M.M Graham, Assistant Secre-
reasurer, Directors, August Belmont,
olling, Anthony N. Brady, Henry H.
, Emanuel Lehman, William C. Lane,
ourdan, Harry Keene, Charles F. Die-
Int Tomlinson, John Sloane, Charles
Hye comiid Frank S. Hastings. The Exe
lehman 1 \ttee consists of Megsrs. Jourdan,

rp Tomlinson and Dieterich.
Co tral it! ing the controling interest in the
Lis conantnaey td Northern Union Companies,
Thane tery tors had an eye to the future,
from one companies supply their customers
Called a piant and they have what might he
ieee ry respectable monopoly of the
ees Porth of the Harlem. As the real
I od as ti iP sion hasn't yet become go high-

itler

’ plant Jat nearer the heart of the city,
The Equita || maintained and operated.
p cticahje thie’s plant, however, as soon a8
Merdar ett the formation of the New Am-
unt! Vi, Was shut down and from that time
Now Arcpresent, all the gas supplied by the
Forks ty erdam proper has been at the
at Ravenswood, L, I. This is said to

ae a

tla when they read the director's state. |

| expected in reek digging

At that time the |

} ceiling and side

 

| to form the New n
' Union and Northern
! was decided that

be one of the most completely equip ens
lants in the world. Stretching up peat ese
rom the shore of the river the Company owns
twelve acres of land and four of these acres
are taken up by the gas works.

The company makes water gas according to
the Jersinanowaki process, In a general way
this involves the injection of steam into the

ua arising from a fire of hard coal, which pro-

uces the blue gas, The was is made in its taltial
form in what is called the generator house,
From there it is passed through retorts of oil,
which process gives it its illuminating power,
From the oil retorts the gas is passed to the
house where the condensers are, in whieh it is
cooled, From the condensers the gas goes
through to the serubbers, where it is washed
These scrubbers consist of six cvlinders tilled
with shavings, through which the gas is passed
to remove from it the tar, ‘Then it goes to the
purifying house, where there are sixteen boxes,
each filled with oxide of iron, and when the gas
has passed through these sixteen boxes, it is
free from sulphur. From the purifying house
{t passes to the metres to be measured and from
there to the great holders to be stored. There
are three of these holders at} Ravenswood,
with a total storage capacity of nearly 6,000,000
oubic feet, The largest of these holders ts us
large as any in the world, having a capacity
of 5,000,000 cuble feet

The plant haa a daily eapacity of 12,000,000
cubic feet of was, which is a considerable more
than enough to meet the demand of the com-
any's consumers. In the month of Decem-
er, 1800, the month of the year in which, all
things being equal, the greatest amount of gas
is consumed, the Gompany sent out from. its
Ravenswood works about 278,000,000 cubic feet
of gus, or an average daily output of about y-
200,000 cubie feet From the @rent holders of
the works the gas (pasers down and through
the tunne! under the Fast River to Manhattan
Ths tunnel is, perhaps, the most important
part of the New Ampsterdaim’s plant, as it is
certainly the most interesting to those not es.

pecially interested in the making and selling: |
The tunnel extends from the foot of |

of gus
Webster avenue, Long Island City, to the foot
of Fast Seventy-iirst street, Manhattan, its
general direction being diagonal rather than at
right angles to the stream, ‘The Manhattan
end is a little north of the Long Island end,

This tunnel is 2,516 feet long, and its top is
125 feet below the surface of the river, From
the bed of the river at its deepest point it is 40
feet to the top of the tunnel. This great piece
of engineering work was begun by sinking a
shaft at Ravenswood on June 28, 18? On duly
10, 1802, a shaft was sunk at the foot of East
Seventy-first street. From the latter date the
work was pushed from both ends at the same
time. On and on the tunnel makers dug their
way through the solid roek that forms the bed
of the river, passing under the centre of Black-
well’s Island, until on July 1, 180d, if was found
that the two ends of the tunnel lacked only
twenty-one feet of meeting, Phe gredtest ex-
citement prevailed among the men. Atos lock
on the evening of that day adrill was put through
from the Ravenswood end to the Manhettan
end fair in the middle of the heading, and
shortly before midnight the wall was blasted
out, the headings met 1676 feet from the Man-
hattan side, und those who had awaited the
effect of the blast walked m Manhattan
to Queens through the ploneer tunnel under
the Fast River

In the building of this work the greatest care |

had to be exercised in arranging for the a
ment of the two ends or headings of the tunnel
that were to meet at an intermediate point
So great was the care and accuracy taken in
this work that when the two headings met
the centre lines met within one-halt ineh in
direction and within less than one-tenth of a
foot in rrade levels Vo Rhow how great ere
had to be exercised in taking sights and tri-
angulations {f is only necessary to state that
an errorat either end would have been mint
plied over 200 times at the point of meeting Asa
possible indication of what rapidity may he
on the Hanid Transit
tunnel {t may be said that the averse rate of
progress for the first three nr ths afler work
was begun on the East River tunnel was seven
feet a week, and the maximum rate of progress
for this tine was ten and

It was intended origi
should be a subterranean |
utd be
the work was completed it
tions of the wells were of
the water of the river leaked
these sections we
lined seetu Inde abeut or
work, The lin kes the
circle, ond the ameter af
ned parts is 10
part the tunnel

Soon after the th
gas main ine >
it, and slong
ganze track
car can transmit
to Queens in twe mur
all that Was needed * the comp
customers in Manhattan woer vos lad
a sis-inch main was Lune above the uly t
to supply gas to Blackwell's del d. Along
the ack well's J land main ng a four
inch pine, fitted at reeniur
nd always kept piled with fresh air to be

drawn upon by mnen we the tur nel when-
Yt tunnel ls

ever the necessity should aris
inspected onee a week and is lighted with tifty
incandescent lights.
[he hast River Gas Compan built the tunne |
When it was consolidated with the Equitable
‘ rdam, and the Central
inion were acquired, it
since the plant of the come
ve the Harlen: was luge enough t
ind since the plant
suppls
Rast
urse
he kusuit-
{

t
lined with «

ns ir

anpl

COOKS:

panies ale
supply the demand there
al Ravenswood ws re enough to
all the consumers titi and
River companies in M i, the wise «
would he to shut down ' vorks ol

able at the foot of Bast Forty-secor

street

| This was done anda second thirtyssix ine) train |

laid in the tunnel, The original thirtyesty-ineh
main was then used te supply the old pipes in
the -treets of Manhattin direct, while the new
main supplied gas for storage in tive holcers
on the lund of 1! pany between Thirty.
ninth and Ferty-se¢ ] streets andin three
holders at the foot of West Pifty-cieith street

The New Amsterdam Gas Company of toe
das, therefore,owns the plant ind business of
the Central Union i Northernet niot
punies, It owns twelve acres oF
Fe vonawood, with a plant ecent
owbs the Fast River tur
blocks of land between Thirtyeninth and Porty-
third streets along the Fast River, seven loot
along Kast Seveuty-fret street, tron the river
west, where there is the levator leading to
the Manhattan end of the tunnel, corresponding
to the elevator leading to the Ravenswood end,
and the land oceupied by the three holders ot
the foot of West Fifty-eiehth street,

As has been said, the capacity of the Ravens-
wood works is 142,000,000 cubie feet ot gas
day. The capacity of the mains In the tunne
under ordinary pressure, is 16,000,000 cuble
feet each twenty-four hours, which capacity,
under heavier pressure, can easily be
to 47,000,000 cubic feet aday, The total storage
capacity of the five holders on the land be-
tween Thirty-ninth and Forty “second streets
{js 1,760,000 cubie feet and the total storage
capacity of the three holders at the foot of
Wost Fifty-eighth street is 8,270,000 onbie fant

It has been said that the New Ainsterdam
Company supplies about one-fourth of all the

as Seaeurnaa in Manhattan and The Bronx
fi supplies practically all the gas consur ved in
Long Island City. Whether it sus plies
fourth of the gas consumed in Manhattan and
The Bronx or not, the eompans has 305 miles
of mains on Manhattan Island, about 42,000
connections between house pipes and street
mains and about 95,000 customers, It has forty
miles of mains in Long Island City and prac-
tically all the customers. It is known that the
net profit to the stockholders of the Central
Union and Northern Union companies for the
year 189, over and above all charges of every
description, waa about $131,000, ‘This was an
increase of 20 per cent. over 1AMS, atid it is estle

acres, It

one-

mated that the increase of 1900 over 1899 will |

be about 20 per cent 7

This may show that gas making is not an
altocether unprofitable business for some
companies. The New Amsterdam Company
itselP, has not vet declared any dividends,
but it struggles along with about 8% employees,
of all kinds, on its payrolls and nobody has
ever heard of stockholders being
to make up deficits and the company has never
appeared to be especially in need of fur ds
It may not be necessary, therefore, for any

body to lie awake nights, worrying about the |

tribulations of «a struggling gas) company.
But no matter whether it is making money
or not, the New Arsterdam Gas Company is
mighty proud of the artiele of was it is fur-
nishing. During last December, the City
Inspector tested the illuminating power of
the gas furnished by all the comrantes slling
gas in New York, with the following res it
: Candle Power
‘ Braneh 1 evd 21.43
Branch 2..... Heder 22.45
Consolidated ( Hranch HY
rae OF

| Branch 7

a4
ns
4

oF

Mutual
Standard,
(Equitable Branch

New Amsterdam: East River Draneh
(Harlem Hranen
One of the ofiicers said the other day
“What do we care about profits, when we
ean have the glory of selling the finest gas in
New York?”

fatstatstetstar
ee e-em s

n
~

Fven Kansas Prisons Have a Boom.

From the Kansaa City Journal

Torprka, May 6
fn Kansas seems to be gene
State. The population at the State Penitentiary
at Lansing is now the largest since the institu.
tion was established, There are just an even
1,000 convicts there :

“While the atrendance is the largest in the
history of the prison,” said Thomas Ballinger,
a member of the Prison Board, to-day, ‘we are
having no trouble in keeping them busy In
fact we could use a number more to good ad-
vantage Of course we woult be awamped if
all the criminals in the State who deserve to be
in prison were thrown on ur, but that ts out of
the question. However, if the Sheriffs of the
ceveral counties have any men on hand who
have been sentenced we would like to have
them. We can use them in the coal mine, twine

lant, briekvards, or in some other capacity.

tis ‘somewhat remarkable how little trouble
the prisoners are causing theofficials. Scarcely
any of thom are acting badly. During the past
year I think only one man esca) andhe was
recaptured.”

intervals with stop |

increased !

assessed |

The increase tn population |
throughout the |

{SHOOTING DAYS IN TEXA

QUICK WORK WITH A PISTOL DONE
BY MARSHAL THOMPSON,

Died, Though, at the Hands of the Friends of
a Man He Killed—A Woman Who Kept a
Hotel and Could Shoot--Fate of a Silk Hat
The Murderors in Jail at Fort Smith,

"There has been a great change in Texas
since 1 began travelling that way,” waid the
«ray-headed drummer with the dyed mus-
tache, as he lit a fresh cigar.

“L recall the first Ume I ever went through
Texas,” said the smooth-faced man, “I had
heard a great deal about the reckless way they
carried their guns down there, and I took a
seven-shooter with me, but although T was in
the State for ten years | never had occasion to

draw it."
“Probably if you had the other fellow would

have dropped you before you could have pulled
it from your pocket. No man has @ chance
with those people unless he has been prac-

tising at a mark all his tifa.”

“The third day after I reached San Antone,”
continued the smooth-faced man, "I was walk-
ing along the street where the Mexicans have
their night lunch wagons- I forget its name
how. Several of the biggest saloons in the

| place were in this part of the town, T heard

a report and the next minute a man’s form

appeared inan open doorway a couple of rods
| away, and fell over the threshold. ‘Two or
three policemen rushed up and carried him
off to the station, which was near by. IT went
along with the erowd and saw that he had
been shot through the head. Ina few minutes
two officers came up with the man who did
the shooting. He was a denuty marshal named
‘Thompson and the dead man was adesperado he
was looking for on the charge of stealing horses,
I believe. It was a case of kill or be killed,
and the marshal didn’t wait. All T had heard
about Texas I believed I expected to see
or hear of some one being shot every day, but
that was the only case when Iwas around dur-
ing the entire tine | was in the State.”

"T ean wive you the rest of that story,” said
) the man with the gray mustache and the pipe

at the other end of the table, “IT was in north.

ery Texas at the time aud heard about the shoot-
fn. Some of the man’s friends followed up
the marshel and within a year shot him also

He had the reputation of being about as nervy

a jiin as there was in the State and could

actnally tacks into a wall with his

bullets. You have heard about sueh things
being done. but I saw it with my own eyes

I have aleo soon him stand up at a di-tanee

of forty feet, and while some one held an

open knife with the edge of the blade
toward him, he would split six bullets on it in
succession, He had a big reputation and was
the means of putting an end to many a horse
| thief and outlaw. The way he was killed was
like this
one. Several friends of
shot at San Antone heard he was in the town
and lay for him, as they say in Kentucky. He
and a locm official were sitting at a table in

a saloon near the front window and were fired
by the fellow Thompson was shot

twice, once in the arm and once in the chest
The last bullet was fatal, but before he died
he had his gan out and dropped one of the men
who did the firing. The other man was hit in
the leg and recovered, Thompson wa» vers
well thought of and the shooting attracted @
crowd of people who caught the two men whe
vers trying to vei away I believe they were
all banged a mouth Jater, 1s the man he had shot
recovered suffleientiy to be tried and was ren
tenced with the rest

Sreaking about. Lanipassas, we
vou ever iy the Hotel Lawrence?
drunimer with the mustache

You mean the one kept by the woman whose
husband was inthe harness business? [should
env Twas." said the smooth-faced man
was enous for tne. In those days it was the
only lodging house in the place, Ll went. in
dropped ny aeopre pieces on the floor and asked
the weman it could get accommodations

Keekon yo can,’ sald she

‘Can you give me a sample room?’

‘'Cert'nly, T can fix ye up all right on that,’

She was barefooted and I should say would
have weighed fuily 250 pounds. A seuool desk
eovered with oiucloth eontamed the old account

| book used for a regicter, Mv name Was the
first which had been putinitfor a week. On the
other side Oo} the room were two tables, one coyv-
ered with a turkey red cloth and the other bare
This « he diningreem., She told me to follow
her into the back vard, where | washed my
and hands ina tn basin on a wooden bench, |
had used my handkerchief for a towel rhen I
went out front and lita cigar until she called ma
in and said supper was ready It was & pretty
fair meal, spread out on the table with the
cloth, L had Mexican coifee to drink and ac-
tually ice water, although [ never knew where
}ehegottheice When ] was about half through
eating two or three cowboys came in and ordered
} super, She put them over at the other table
and set outsome cold meat, [ried potatoes, bread
and butter and apiteherof water, They began
te eat, and cone fellow) ulled a whiskey flask from
his poeket, poured some into @ach glass and
fied it up with water. They looked into the
piicher and then one of them called cut

‘Haven't you got any ice?’

“The old woman never said a werd He waited
aiminiute, then calledontagain. Shewas behind
the desk and apparently did not hear him
Then he pounded on the table, swore a little
and asked again. She cane over to the table,
looked the maninthe face a minute and said

‘'D've expect Lin goin’ to give sich as ye are
ioe water when Lonly gits 25 cents a head trom
ye? If vedon’'t like it, ait out That settled it,
and they never said a word

‘The next morning Lasked where I could show
my samples. she led the way into her own
bedroom, where a big pieee of oileloth had
been spread out on the bed, and told me Teould
use that room. In cne corner, beside the
bureau, stood a Remington repeating rifle, and
on the burean iteelf were two big navy revol-
vers, loaded. Talterward heard that she could
use these weapons as well as any man around
the place, and she had the reputation of being
able to keen order and collect her bills without
the ald of her hustand. He hada little shop on
the next «treet, where he patched up saddles and
made bridles for the country around

“We had to be particular about the way we
dressed down there in those days.” said the
man withthe dyed mustache. throwing away the
stump of hie cigar and pulling out a fresh ove
“LT remember a fellow by the name of MeKee
We called him Mae for short. He made his
first trip along the Northwestrn road for o
New Yerk house and wore a silk hat. T sup.
pose nine out of ten people in that part of the
country had never seen a_dicer before. He
was going the same way as I was and when he
! Jeft Galveston I advised him te buy a slouch
hat, but he knew all about it and said the tile
would help him to get. business and that he
could take the risk It was slow travelling
at that time and going out to Austin took a
day. When we were about fifty miles from
the town a gang of cowboys came into the
smoker. They had all taken something before
starting and were evidently going up to the
capital to spend Saturday night and have a
goodtime. Mac's hat took them at once,

*'See the fellow with the cheese box.’ came
from a six-footer in one corner. ‘Wonder
bow much hair there is inside it.’

“'Hfe's one of those Eastern chaps come
down here to put on airs,’ said another. ‘Tet’s
| see who ean hit it first.’

"It's a fact that two or three pulled their
revolvers out and shot through the top of it
Mac got up and ran out of the car. while the
crowd fairly yelled after him. Thev did not pay
much attention to meas T was wearing ordinary
clothes, although they took me for a drummer
atonee, As soon as T could get up without at-
tracting attegtion [ slipped into the back car

| and found Mae very much broken up. He
wished he had taken my advice
ruined and looked like a sieve as three bullets
| had passed clear through the top, mating six
holes alone and tearing out big pieces of the fur

‘T think the be-t thing you could do is to get
even with ‘em and at the same time get rid of
some of them Mexican cigars, for if you
don't they will follow you all around Austin.

They want no better sport than to make a guy

of you. Godown into tour sample case. fill the

hat with cigars and pass it around,’

“Well he thought it over a minute and then
did as I told him. Going back into the srnoker
he passed around the t with the remark,
‘Hore, boys, take one on me; it's a good joke,

| Every man helned himself, some taking two
and three. The majority of the crowd turned
in his favor at once. although two or three
continued to make fun of him. One fellow
suegested putting the hat up against the end
of the car for a target. but the saix-footer cut
him short with. This gentleman has done the right
| thing. Now vou let him alone or you will have to
settle jt with me,’ After that we had no trouble,
but as soon as we reached Austin Mac made
for the nearest hat store and bought the biggest
slouch hat he could find.”

“Your speaking about shooting,” said the
man with the gray mustache, “reminds me of
where a great many of those fellows have en

' their careers in the jail at Fort Smith. _ Per-
haps you may remember the old Federal Judge
they had at the fort in the 708. He was @
big smooth-faced man with the worst eyes
that ever looked at a man. He had no mercy
whatever and whether it was a murderer or

horse thief, his usual way was to sentence

im to be hanged within thirty days. Fort
Smith was a big cattle market at that time and
really being in the corner of the Indian Ter-
ritory and Arkansas, was pret am-
blers, outiaws and others of that sort.
built a jail which was about he, Dest thing of
its kind I ever saw. It was really two prisons

drive

the man whom he

upon

» either of
asked the

‘the word

| Minister w
| used by after dinner speakers who haven't had

He went up to Lampassas for some |

Onee !
'

1 furs of the Shangin

face j

i notantse

His hat was |

3,

one inside of the other, the inside being a set of
steel cages, that would defy any man to get out
of. I have known as many as twenty men to
be In that jail at one time, all sentenced to
death. They would hang ‘en. in the open space
Just outside, where the people from the town
and country for thirty miles around would see

one, Actually ten men have been execu.
cuted at one time at this place. As Fort Smith
was the biggest town in that country, and 1
travelled considerably in it, T usually tried to
make the place Saturday sof could stay there
over Sunday at a fairly decent hotel. One
Sunday efternoon, having nothing to do, I
thought 1 would go up to the a and take a
look at some of the prisoners. put a handful
of cigars In my pocket. as I thought some of
the poor devils might be glad to get one or
two more amokes before the Sheriff made his |
last visit to them,

“In the firat cell I came to was a young fel-
low not over 20 years old, one of the Tnent
bullt men that I ever saw. He did not look
dissipated and in fact In appearance was more
ike a big overvrown boy. fe was in the con-
demned row, but you might have thought he
was in a room in a@ hotel for all the concern
which he showed. T offered him a cigar which
he took with a nod of thanks and asked me |
for a mateh. ‘Well, ['m sorry to see you in
here,’ [T said, ‘T suppose you'll have to vo with |
the others next Friday?

“Yes, that’s right.”

“What's the trouble, anyways?’

“Oh, just poppin’ a fellow over in the Ter-
Titory, that’s all, Had a fuss about a hose
trade, He went to draw but I drawed quickest.’

“In the same row was a sort of half-breed
minister who had been preaching to Indians
on one of the reservations, but had wotten
into some trouble -he wouldn't say what
and had killed, so the Sheriff said. three men
He was dressed in black and was the only man
in the jai! whe wore a white collar He was |
very glad to get aclear, but aparently was as
unconcerned as the other man. The two
With five others were hanged on the next Friday
I understand (hat the judge very seldom gave
@ respite and that such a thing as a pardon
Was almost unknown but this was the only
wey to do. If the law had not been enforeed
a4 it was, the citizens would have had to form
Vigilanve committees as they did out in Nevade
and California and take matters into their
own hands, At that time more men were
execiited in Fort Smith than in any part of
the country, but the last time 1 was) there
the place was so orderly that only two or three
cells of the jall were oceupied '

WU TING FANG AND THE REPORTERS,
An Ante-Room Incident: end Conversation
Recently at the Waldorf-Astoria,

When his
the Chinese

Excelloney Wu Fans,
Minister, with name
‘elever is now linked in-
variably, respond to a toast
at Delmonteo’s reeently before the American
Asiatic Association, which was feasting Sir
Thomas fackson, and sald that be bad not ex
pected to be called upon for a speech at the din-
ner, some of his bearers seemed to think that the |

Ving
Whose

rose to

ssimply using an expression often

the time te prepare their speeches ‘The news.
Paper reporters who Were present, knew, how-
ever, that the Minister meant what he said

Several of the reporters had already bad an |
interesting talk with the Minister which wag
bot down on the prograinme, The reporters |
Were sitting in an ante-room justoff the banquet
hall or “red room,” waiting for the diners to fin-
isti eating. when Wn ling Fang, with a rustle of
his silk robes, walked into the room to find a
Place of deposit for some of bis ambassadorial |
Taiment. He saw the reporters as soon as they
saw him, and apparently realized what they
were in a tiasi He walked over to a reporter |
who was lookitur over some introductory pages
of the dinner which he had already written

You are newspaper man?” asked the Minis-
ter, in a lone oF interest rather than curiosity

The reporters told the Minister that they were
Wu Ting Fang then pointed his fnwerat the
reporler’s hotes and smiled understandingly.
He then noticed that among the notes were seve
eral pages of typewritten matter.

“What is that’) he asked

Phe reporter told lita it was a copy of the
speech gyiienh Mr. bravar, tho President of the
Association, Was to deuiver in a few minutes

Ob, said the Monister--.t was a long-drawn
out “oh ‘) see what you mean, But"—with
a twinkle in his eves which pet:
interest “what is the
about?

President's speech
lhe reporter thought that it would bardly
bea ichot trust to Lsclose the nature ef the
speech i t sand heooutlined in a
few w week, Which praised Sir Thomas
Jackson for his good adininistration of the af-
Banking Corporation and
contained all sorts of pleasing @llnsions to the |
Englishman's value as a financer and aman
Ah, see.” said the Minister |

He thought for a moment and then asked the |
reporter who were to be the other speakers at
the dinner

sir Thomas,” replied the reporter, “Bishop
Potter, President Sth Low of Columbia Uni-
versity and vour bxce lene .

What!" broke in Wu Ting Fang
sure? | accepted tie invitation to this dinner
on the assurance that it was to be an informal
affair and of course, | didn’t expect to speak
Can it be that my name is on the list” of
Kpeakers?

The reporter replied that it was surely, and
that all the reporters were verv glad of it, tos
fhe Minister rea looked worried. He had
ted being called upon to speak; that

nashed
empty pocket
us folds of his
ech wriiten out

Are vou

was corte’

‘But what shall [ talk about?” he
Then with a smile he disclosed :
from somewhere in the m) ster

wn You see P have no 8}
Fane Whar shall Ispeak about

‘Your Exeellenc. must give us something
lively,’ sand one of the reporters, “Perhans
you night speak of the Chinese Exelusion aet.’

His Evxecelleney, however, shock his head
He might talk, he said, on that subjeet, but this
was a representative dinner and he didn’t wish
to offend ans hod: Jesides, the tonie was not
of burning interest at present. One of the re
porters then said, in a des to keep up the con-
versation, that the labor unions here were talk-
ing about legislation to keep out immigrants
from other nations, notably Japan. The Min-
ister, Who appeared to he very much interested,
then said that he really felt that an injustice had
heen done in excluding some of the would-he
inmmigrants from China. He agreed with the
general prineiples of any act intended to keep
ont panners from this country, but he didn’t see
wh. those Chiramen who could read and write |
English should be excluded just because they
didn’t happen to have the requisite mone

“If,” said he, “they would admit those who
can rend and write English that would satisfy |
me vers well.”

The Minister talked some more in the same
vein, all in his picturesque way of speaking,
with its attractive hesitancy or reluetanee anc
its somewhat overdone aceenting and inflection,
Je said that his countrymen were not lazs

They were all industrious and hardworking

“Tt is never the case,” said the Minister, “that
a Chinaman ts a public charge. That is some-
thine you never see. You ean say that of no |
other class of immigrants.”

The conversation might have continued in-
definitely had not a member of the Reception
Committee, who had been hunting for the
Minister high and low, entered the room just
then and interrupted the talk withthe announce- ,
ment that the post-prandial exercises were |
about to begin, and that it was time for his
Excellency to take his place at the speakers’ |
table. Wu Ting Fang bowed to the reporters |
and left with his escort,

Every few minutes, however, as he sat at the |
table at the banquet he looked down at the table
where the reporters were sitting, and as his
eye caught theirs a merry twinkle entered it
and the kindliest of smiles illuminated his face
Incidentally, his Exeelleney made one of his |
most Interesting speeches at the dinner, thereby
more than upholding the reputatiion he has
acquired as an after-dinner speaker

“BULL DOG”

Is sure protection against mongrel
brands of

ARDEN HOSE.

‘‘THE MOST TENACIOUS OF
THEM ALL !"’

SOLD EVERYWHERE.

BOSTON WOVEN HOSE & RUBBER CO,
105 Reade 8!., New York.

' could fool her and get a dead one
| would snap the stick and tell me to get another
| She was rarely in a hurry and certainly never

i the  filustrious

hened increased |

' to love the

| The vietin

! wanted to buy

| fle found no diffic

'§ LIFE, BY HIS SON,

INFORMATION AROUT THE
EVANGELIST'S CAREER.

NEW

His Sense of Humor Shown In Practical
Jokes When a y-A Successful Business
Man Refore He Became an Evangelist
~Remintscences of His Religious Work,
The volume of reminiscences of Dwight L.

Moody by his son, William Rh. Moody, which has

just been published by the Fleming H. Kevell

Company, supplies a lot of information about

the evangelist that has not before found its

way into print. Many incidents are given of

Mr. Moody's life before he took up the busi-

ness for it was nothing else, apparently,

in his own opinion than a business -of making
converts to Christianity. That Moody was
once as suecesstul a salesman of shoes us he
became later a preacher is not familiar to
those who have not particularly interested
themselves in the work which he spent the
greater part of his life doing. He began his
lice away from home with the ambition to make
$100,000
his purpose when it became clear to him that
his duty was the saving of sinners
his baek on a salary of $5,000 a year and began
his career as en evangelist without any definite
idea how the work or his personal needs were
to be cared for, farther than that the Lord
would provide. He lived in jair ecimfort from
that tine on, except that he always insisted on
overworking himself. But nothing ever dis-

couraged him or hurt him 60 much as the ine |

sinnations of eynical people, whieh frequently
came to his notice, that he was making money
on his own account out of his spiritual activity.

It appears from the memoirs prepared by
his son that Mr. Moody was not one of whom
it ay be said that he was set apart and con-
secrated (rom his earliest vouth for the labors
of his tater life. He was the son of plain New
England work people. His tajer was a stone
Inison, His mame when he was baptized was
Dwight Lyman Ryther,but the neighbor who was
honored by the bestowing of the name iyther
on the baby did not give a pres ont to the ehild,
according to the eustom «of and the
Moodys were 89 much hurt by the omission that
they dropped the name before the individual to
Whom it belonged had any use for it

His mother was left a widow when Dwicht
was a very small boy. She brought up her
children with a due regard for the traditional

the tine,

; Value of the birch as a means to righteousness,

The writer of the memoirs quotes Mr. Moody
about) his whippings “Mother
would send me out for a stick and I thought I
But she

as saving

Was When she was whipping me. Once 1 told
her that the whipping did not hurt at all. I
never had oceasion to tell ber so again, for
she put it on so that it did hurt.” That the
boy deserved the whippings is established
in great suflciency by the traditions of his
boyish inclination toward mischiet which are
written in the book. The following extract
relates one or two of them
fhe ‘Closing Exercises’ in the di triet school
was an event of great local importance to the
younger element, and Dwight) was not the
oy to let pass such an opportunity for some
suol excitement, On one siah occasion
is to give asa recitation Mark Antony's
citation over Julius Caesar, and to add, as
Was supposed to the dramatic effect, intro.
duced a -mell box to represent the coffin of
dead. The teacher's desk
served as a bier upon which {tf rested, and
as the eloquence of the orator found added
expression the lid of the box was knocked
off ard out jumped a very frightened old tom-
eat, The scene that follow d had just the
effect that) Mork Anteny seemed_ to
aimed at, for though the stones of Rome did
hot rise, every animate being in the room did
Even simpler tricks delighted him. Once
when asked to hand a jug of cider to a farmer
in his wagon, Dwight
on the farm, intending, indeed
that very wagon, walted only

to go home in
until the jug

was at the farmer's lins to rtartle the horses |

so thet their sidden jump unseated the driver,
who fell back into the
unable to risa and equally unwilling to re.
linguish the jug, which would have drenched
him had he taken it from his lips,

Dwyht's busy hand and brain were al-
ways occupied and he wanted to see others
busy, tex In his younger days he seemed
xeitement of a crowd. and once
unusually uneventful winter had
dragged by he decided that ‘something must
be done” This he arranged without con.
ference with any one. not daring to trust his
dearest) friend. Writing out an) annonunes.
ment for a temperance meeting to be addressed
by an out-of-town lecturer, he posted it on
the district schoolhouse door, On the even.
ing annonunoeed there was quitea gathering at the
gehoolhouse, Which was warmed and lighted
but no lecturer put in an eppearance and
Dwight with the others Pe the practical
joker, whom no one could discover.”

William Tt. Moody draws from these in-
ef bis father’s playful disposition the
eonelusion that it was his father’s irresistible
senae of humor that made him so successful
in later vears in dealing with men, Another
instance of the working of his sense of humor
is worth quoting, In the shoe shop in Boston
in which he was emploved was a cobbler,

“One day in his absence,” save the memoirs,

when oan

' “voung Moody with a sharp knife made ¢ clean

‘lit in the leather seat of the eobbler's hor
Then taking a pan of water he set it under
the bey so that the cobblir's weight) would
bring the seat in eontact with the wator, which
of course would rise throvgh the ent, Rlav-
ing «t this trap, the foker awaited the resuit,
Presently the cobbler came in and sat down,

riedly, but as soon as the leather was relieved
of his weight the hole closed) and after win-
ing the seat dry again he aguin seated himeelf
to begin hie work It was not until the third
or fourth time that he discovered the trouble
and Moody had to make a hurried escape.”

» Another characteristic dwelt upon at some
length in
ry as asalesman. He was us devoted to the
Fitereats of his emplover as later he waa de-
voted to the call which he felt he had received
from God. This devotion, however, led him

| into practices which those who are familiar
with conditions in Baxter street and Park row |

would hardly exnect to find in the life of one
who was to become a Christian evangelist
“He war not satisfied,” save his aon. “to fellow
the ordinary methods of the seleemon, and like
the merchants of old he eried his wares before
the door and actually went out into the street to
persuade uninterested passers-by hat they

as siccess of this kind, and that he had many {6
not surprising”

His uncle's methods of enrrying on the shoe
business were altogether too slow for Mr
Moody, and he went out to Chicago to find
broader opportunities. Ale soon found em-
ployment there in Wiswell’s shoe store. tis
remarkable suecess brought about his promo.
tion to be a drummer for the establishinent
Itv, he need to say. in keen.
ing his deeds as a drummer in harmony with his

| profession of Christianity which he had already

made, and hia Sunday echool work, to which he
had devoted himself with much energy. Some-
times he had to be. as his eons sav, resourceful
One time be was sent to collectabill froma
creditor of his firm who was suanected of being
on the verge of bankruptcy. The law in that
day was such that the only recourse to be had in
such cases was to be the first of the creditors to
have a collector in the field) Moody discovered
on the train on which he was hurrving to the
town whera the suspected creditor
man from a rival honse apparently bent en the
same errand,
such that he could not conscientiously travel on
Sunday, and he knew the other man had no
such compunctions
not reach his destination before, Sunday
had planned to spend Sunday somewhere on the
road, He persuaded his rival to co fora drive
with him at astation at which they had to wait
for al hour or two for a connecting train, and
managed to make him miss the train. Then
thev both had to stay over, andstarted aftor the
creditor on equal terms on Monday morning

Mr. Moody himself acknowledged that the
greatest struggle of his life was when he gave
up businese He had entered the employ of ¢
N. Henderson, a wholesale dealer in boots and
shoes, in 1858. Mr. Henderson, had the great-
est svinpathy with the young man’s seal for
Christian work and advanced him rapidly; but
he died within a vear after Moody went to
work with him and the widow insisted on hav-
ing Mr. Moody settle up the estate, In 1860 he
went to work for Buel, Hill & Granger, another
shoe firm. In that one year he saved $5,000 of
the $100,000 he was after He had 82,000 besides
this, and it came upon him irresistibly that it
was his duty to take that $7,000 and live on it as
long as he could, meanwhile carrying Christian-
{ty to as many people as he could reach. When
he first went to Chicago he rented four pews in
Plymouth Church anc filled them at every ser-
vice with men he picked up onthe street. After
deciding to be an evangelist he hired a hall and
started a Sunday school. He went to some of
the wealthy men of Chicago and they helped him
liberally, and in a little while he was holding
meetings in all the great cities of the English-
speaking world and was addressing audiences
of as many thousands as could get within the
sound of. his voice

Instances are related repeatedly in the book
of times when Mr. Moody approached men
who were altogether strangers to him and
made inquiry as to the state of theirsouls. Ac-
cording to the memoirs, the men thus ap-
proached were nearly always an ang were
sometimes abusive. But if they told Mr. Moody
that it was none of his business whether they

ile was well on his way to achieve |

He turned |

} Fifty

‘ and created for Just

have |

who was then working |

bottom of the Wagon |

took his seat only to jump up hur. |

the book was the voung man's ener- |

| Stoekly

Nothing delighted him ¢o much |

lived a |

Moody's relicious principles were |

Moody knew that he could |
and |

were Christiana or not
the most unruffied manner, “Ob, yes it is.”

On at least one occasion the evangelist re-
ceived the reply, “Lhen you must be Dwight
L. Moody.” t is remarkable that in ale
most every case where these approaches of
Mr. Moody were rebuifed the man sought him
out afterrard and beased forgiveness and for
guidance in becoming & Christian, Some ol
therm came to Mr. Moods 's house with theit re-
pentance long alter the family had gone to bed

NINE TONS IN ONE BLAST,

A Colamn of Water Thrown a Thousand Feet
in the Air in San Francisco Bay.
From the San Franerweo Chronicle
Shag Kock, a menace for years to bay navi-
gation, was blown out of the harbor and off
the chart at 3:08 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
Nine tons of nitro-gelatine loaded into thirty-
four holes, each nine inches in diameter and
extending straight down into the little islet
some thirty-three feet below the surtace,
was the tremendous power that rent the mass

| asunder and directed a migity column of water

a@ thousand feet in the air

The sight was one to impress even the mort
stolid of witnesses. Warned of the hidden
force about to be let loose, all manner of crali
keptamile and a half away irom the innocent
fifty foot spar that stuck up at an angle ae
though it were the dismantied mast of some
sunken ship. Even the barge from whieh the
current was to Hash the spark into the hidden
rock drew back and beck until she had pai
out more than a nule of the small electric cable
Then the tugs slipped away trom her and swunis
round into position with bows pointed in the
direction whence they had been led to capect the
onrushing wave following agigantic upheaval o}
Waters,

Without) warning, almost without sound
there rose from the unruffed surface of the bay
a towering, feathery-edged, whitish mass.
Majestically it mounted sull higher and higher
while two great litera! filaments like drooping
ostrich plumes broke ayay and fell gracetully
out froin the rising column that then tor an
instant resembled au fleecy fleur de tis, Still
the huge Jet kept rising. Then there surged
up from beneath through the whole lower
part for several hundreds of feet a yellowish
woudy tint that blended into silvery white-
hessabove, Foravery «piallpartof asecond the
tower stood as if erystuliived, and then it dropped
as awiltly aa it had escended and as noiselessly
feet from the sea it finally spread out
umbrellawise in a dirty coffee-eoored fountain
that splashed up the surrounding mudd tiess
@ second or so a@& dist)
haze over the spot where Shae Rock had been.
The whole spectacle lasted not more than a
dozen seconds.

As there had been only a strange ominous
“whoof” when the water leaped awit, so there
was searcely a commotion as it returned to the
bay almost in tine to refill the vortex that it
had created. There were no oulrushing billowy
wave, no threatening coneentric series of Waves
As soon as the thing was done the boats that
watched the explosion from safe distances
bore down on the seene- a small Meet of row
boats, fishing boats with sails hastily set,
four steam tugs, a smart sailing yacht, a ding)
schooner, and three gasoline launches~ all
converging upon the half acre of wreckage and
vellowish scum where it was expected there
would be myriads of dead fish upon the surface
Except for a porpoise or two and a few reek cod
no dead fish were to be seen, but here and there
great bolted timbers the size of telegraph
poles floated in pieces, torn and twisted and
violently rent asunder as by lightning

Contractor Axmann believes that the ex-
plosion was a suceess and congratulates: bim-
self upon the favorable conditions of | the
weather and the tide. At the outset there
was sonie delay at the rock while Willlam Braw
ley, an electrical expert, tested the wires con-
necting the caps This was a hazardous un-
dertaking and made cold chills run up and
down the backs of the half dozen men egmn-
prising the crew of the barge. It was a lARht
current, however—just sufficient to show
that all was intact. When the test was com-
pleted the barge, in tow of the tugs ‘Transit
and Lottie, moved slowly away toward Angri
Island = [t took nearly an Lour to run to the
end of the cable, 6000 feet, the distance 4
which the authorities placed the danger line
Another five minutes was consumed in anchor-
ing the barge. Then the Lottie sounded th:
signal of three blasts on her siren, Five min-
utes later the current was turned on

Shag Rock is e-timated to have contained
about three thousacad eight hundred cubie feet
o} sandstone, shahthy metamorplic At hig!
tide only about ten feet of its crest showed
Contractor Axmann, Who was awarded the cot
tract Jast December tor its destruction, im
mediately set to work. The first two month
was spent in getting drilis and machinery
in place, then the acty al work of drilling begat
In all thirty-four he les were cut, varving it
depth from a few feet to fifty feet. Into thes
poles the gelatine was tirmly rammed wit!
heavy steel bars At the mouth of each bel
four specially prepared caps were places
Theae caps contained about half a pound ¢
fulminate of mereury, in whieh was imbedde
a small platinum rod connecting the pos
tive and negative wires, The clectrical curre
heated the platinum to a red heat, whieh tr
turn ignited the fulminate of mereury A
the gelatine used difficult to lenite, Cor
tractor Axmann took the preecantion of sur
rounding each cap with dynamite, thus insy
ing the success of his venture

The exact effect of the explosion eant
be learned until the soundings are made As
cording to the terms of the contract the ror
must be levelled to adepth of thirty-four fe
at low water. I[t is quite possible that t!
denth will be found greater than necessar
The effect of the gelatine was visible town
the centre and in the direction of the greate-
resistance, If the force expended is as gre
as the experts estimate, it will be found '}
there is nothing of Shag Rock left

From Aleatray Island the height of the ec!
umn was aseertained bs angular measur
ment According to Engineer Demerritt tt
column react over one thousand feet

YOUNG STOCKLY'S PATE.

Filipinos Have Made a Dynamite Gun EXpert ©
Prisoner— Tidings Frou Him,

Twelve of the Sims-Dudley dynamite gu
are now in the Philippines, but so far there
has been very little chance to use them. Ir
the few cases where they have been fired the
acquitted themselves creditabl It ia felt
by those who believe in the guns that one or
two of the projectiles would be suffleient t

demoralize several thousand insurgents The

guns are in two batteries

Little, if anything, has been heard from the
gins since Paul D. Stocikly was captured t
the Filipinos. This yowns
President William Stockly
lee Company of Lakewood, N. d.
graduated Princeton in
and at onee entered the company's workshops
In speakipg of him duet week Mr Sims, the
inventor @#f the gun, sad that he had fron
the staré shown himsell remarkably clever
He was a graduate of the serentille depart-
ment of Princeton and seemed to master the
intricacies of the piece without diMfleulty He
was sent to Tampa ! yraduating fron
college to teach the soldi bound for
how to handte the gun. Later he besougt
his parents to permit him to go with the guns
to Santiago. Jhe father finally consented
on condition the voung man wonld net go
ashore, and the son promised. He kept hts
word, but it was a hard struggle, and all the
way from Tampa to Santiage he was bus
drilling the men in the tee ot the guns so that
they would not need his services when thes
went ashore

Later voung Stockly aot ashore with the guns
hut not in Cuba. Tle toek the two guns sent
to Porte Kico directly under h reand helned
serve them on the two ort) ree occasions when
they were needed. Last summer le took at
examination and seen: a conmunission. He
was at once essigned to ¢} Twenty-tirst Ine
fantry as a Second I he ! he was ii
atructed to join his reg wt i ’ } nr
going by wav of Europe :
to visit what gun establishment he eonld
gain recess to. He did se and proceeded to Mat
fla by way of the Suez Canal

Last January, on the oth, he wrote bis par-
ents that he was has ra fine tine, going to
balla and gerden parties, but that he would
Jike it better if he could seen little active ser
vice. Three dave Inter he wos taker
His comrades heard hit fire } revoly
Mttle distance off in the bush They rushed
in the direction of the shot and found his horse
but no trace of Stockly. On Jan. 28 a party
of Spanish prisoners arrived in Manila whe
said they had seen Stockly, Another parts
later brought the same tidings The last heard
of the unfortunate young man wae received ty
Mr. Stockly, Sr, about a month ago Tt came
throngh private sources from a commercial
honse. Tt reported the son ns alive and well

Fears are felt, however, that the voung man
will not be able to stand the hardships thet
he has undoubtedly been subjected to He |
a little ahove medinm stat’ and of athlette
build, but he was what letes ell “sett”,
having seen no active service. He is the eld.
est of five children, and he has a brother in the
sophomore class at Princeton

nan is #& FON
of the Sims-Dud
You

from pRUS

nrieoner

TO CURE CATARRH |

ieee

Cuba |

 

Kn they

 

FOND MAN AT THE FLORIS

ECCENTRIC BEHAVIOR BEFORE Ga
GETS MARRIED,

Wholesale Purchases That Marked the Texae%™
Courting A Man Who Sent Flowere te Mile
Wife kvery Day in the Year—A Castom
About Boutonnieres Just From Londen,

The york in the Broadway flower shop—the
girl with the wavy chestout hair and the very
white hands that are acutely observed and mene
tally applauded when she pins the blithe carna@e
tion to the saseuline coat lapel-lapsed iato &
reverie of words the other afternoon,

"I do feel so sorry for men sometimes,” ahe
suid, in a tone that wasn’t at all sorrowful
‘The poor (things are so very amusing and yete®
unconsciously pathetic that— well, do you kaow,
! often think that few of them, saving your
nothing personal—are, what d’ye
call it exactly right} all there-—correctly a@e

usted properly geared—on straight—*

‘For why?"

Oh, they do such funny things, and they ere
such very, very easy money, My little brother
iaught me (hatend Tcan't help it. They arene
extremely tractable before. you know, and, from
ul that [ hear, so utterly fractious after, that It’s
4a wonder to me thoy"

Before and after what?

‘Why, the church affair of ‘Lohengrin’ musiq,
weeps, and rice, of course. True, | only know
if the fraci ousness of the after from hearsay,
vut [have been here for two vears and ldo know
che tractabloness of the before like T don’t know
ay catechism, Oh, they are so dead easy!®
ind the flower shop girl with the wavy chestnut
air picked up a loose strand of the same and
deftly tucked it behind her left ear.

‘All of them, you know, are more or lesa
mentally unhinged during the before stage,®
she wenton. “But aman whocame in heredute
ng the noon hour on a day a couple of weeks
ago--I waited on him. for the proprietor and all
of the girls except myself had gone for luncheos

had about the worst case of it I've yet seen.
Ile was such a sensible, fine-loooking man,
too--a giant from the West, with a bronzed face
and that fine prairie way of talking, like he
cnew he wasn't in church and didn’t have te
whisper nor mumble his words—so many New
York men do that dreadfully nowadays, don't
they? and big, strong hands, and that some
brero style of dress that makes vou think of the
Harry Castleomon and Ned Buntline stories
that you read when you were little.

‘Well, he walked up to the counter like aman
does when he goes into a cigar store, and his ey@
caught sight of the bunch of Bride roses that
was swaddling up with white ribbon,

“How much are those,’ he asked me?

“Fifteen dollars a dozen,’ I told him,

How many dozen just like that have you got®
in the shack,’ he inquired,
‘About ten dozen,’ I replied
All right--I'll take ‘em,’ he sald, and then
he began to look at the other fowera,
When he saw a vase of American Beauty roses
is big as double clirvsanthemums he asked me,
What's the figure for these?’
“Two dollars apiece,’ | told him,
Put about fitty of em with the other@ he
sii
Then he came to the tray of violets.
How much,’ he inquired,
“Dollar a hundred,’ said I,
‘Got plenty of them?’
‘Thousands.’
“Vii take about 2,000 of 'em,' he said.
“Any thing else,’ Lasked hum? H
‘Well, LE don't know,’ he said, rubbing his
chin like a man in a quandary. ‘What do
you think?’
“Well, L said, ‘you've already bought quite
a fey flowers. you know. What is it to
nny 5o'clock tea, ball ne ee vem
“No, no, no, not a wedding--not jus
ing like
Hope

Tesence

anyhow,’ he said, hurriedly, blushing
i big school boy, ‘Later. maybe.
‘0, end for a moment he looked so awkward
and sheepish that J felt sorry for him, Thea
fe shook himself together again.

“No, it’s not any of those things you méne
tion’ he went on in a confidential tone. ‘TE
ust want to send some flowers up to her hou
vou know. I'm only back here from the ranch

n a visit, you understand. Weil, while

was up at her house last night, two or three
ounches of ffOwers came to her from young
nipes of Willie boys she seems to have be¢ome
wequainted with sce ] went away, It struck
ve then that T hadn't thought te send her
hy flowers--outfits are too far apart for =
hind of thing out in the cattle country, an

here's nothing but prairie flowers, anyhow,
nd so a fellow forgets) you see. And 80 t
bly want to send her up a few flowers--—'

"a few! said I, and 1 really couldn't help

vine
Why what's the matter?’ said the poor
man. with an apprehensive look on bis bi
¥ od-patured face. ‘Haven't I picked out
neh’
Ob, quite enough” said 1, ‘and just the
\ abt kind, too’ and just then the proprieto!
ome in, and the big man from the Westh an

m a five-hunared-collar bill, The flowers
vere sent up to the home of a débutante of

ist) season in a special wagon The an-

lineement of the engagement was made
few days later, Now, didn't he need a gua)
Han? don't they all need — guardians?”
Goodness gracious me, Idoso pity the poo
‘hings!’ and (he gurl with the wavy  chestnu
vir again belied the pity she said she felt by
ersmiles

‘And what do you think of a man who een
‘towers, and becutiful ones, teo, to bis wife

very day in the year, Sundays and holidays
nolided’” she went on motebing @ heliotre

rohid with a piece of heliotrope ribbon. “Well,
ve have such a customer, He first came IB
here a little over a year ago and ordered an
xpensive box of lowers to he sent to the nome
fa lady who lives werces from the Park, ies

io had ‘Mrs.’ prefixed to her name. A
that he dropped In, rain, snow, or shine, every

iv, and selected a beautiful lot of. flowers
to be sent to the same ‘Mrs.’ He, of course,
never had any occasion to give his own name,
ind, of covrse. nove ef us in the store dreamed

at he was sending the tlowers to his wife.
so hopelessly improbable, that, you know.
Ailof us girls decided that he was a bachelor, or
widower—he was a middle-aged man--culth
vating the good races of an attractive widow,
Lrobably wealthy, and we wondered if she
vere good-looking and ail. that. One day,

fter he had been sending her flowers regue
irly for seven imonthe, he failed to come in,
ind so the proprietor sent up a handsome

ket of flowers to the address of the "Mra,
invhow The next day he came in

“My wife was a trifle indisposed yestete
day,’ he said to the proprietor, ‘end, of courea,
J conld not leave her [ thoroughly appre=
our sending the flowers without my ore
dering therm, and so does my wife!

! proprietor looked at him tn rather @
puvvled sert of way

“Pod L but known at the time of your wede
ding ‘he began

Wedding,’ said the regular customer. ‘I
don't believe T quite

“Supele vonr marriage has been quite ree
cent?’ the proprietor said, and then an exe
wodinely well-bred ehuckle came from our
reg ir istormer
| give vou the order to decorate our

chen we celebrate our silver weddi

“xt year,” he said, between very hroa
s and then he went out. He has been in

d inee with Lis order for flowers for
is wife. and .
Kid, therefore, presumably stands in need
of a 2iardian?

Mave | not inst been telling vou that he fe
married And then the poor esillies—I mean
the voursg ones in the before stage avain—d'y@
really and truly beheve the eine
i> girls tell ‘em that they ‘presa ev
vou send me in my copy of Tennyso
ly believe every word of It. they do
top to think that no volume
ax the Doomsday Book has
‘How'll they press” i
the poor, delude

cme when thev are picking out roses
espt to the onliest ones Oh ag nr
“+e a new fadin town that only nt
ent wer here from Londen, 1 elie tt te
tpreading ont pretty rapidly here. It ts now
tho raght thing for a girl te acknowledge the
raceint of a box of towers the very next day
he ordering ist nice a bouftonnifre as money
for the sender, and having {it Cone
veyed to his address by special messengér.
The girls who brought this little echeme Over
hore from the other side are all apparently
hellevers [mn the one-good-turn-deserves-ane
other evstem. but they heve sunececded {a
miehtivmystifying therecipients of the boue
tonniPres ”

never
nysonm ns Die
eer iblished
thet Jots of

The Woman's Pace

of tha Sunday Sux and THE EVEN Sun ppb.
eenta n Meld to the advertiser of Indies’ anpe
niles that has never heen offered before,
The quality of the matter of interest to
women makes both papers desirable as advere
thaing mediuma,~Adr

AND CONSUMPTION

HYOMEL sx'tsan.

There is no other treatment or medicine which can reach the

diseased parts,
fails to cure,

It is guaranteed, and your money refunded if

FIVE DAYS’ TREATMENT SENT FREE. ‘Flyomei" (s sold by af
druggists or sent by ma Complete Cutht, $1.00, Trial Out 2bc. THE R. T. BOOTH ©O., Ithaca, N. ¥.

‘