a oe

a ee

¢

 

—

 

—— SQ ees

 

 

MR. WANAMAKER UPHELD.

OFFICIALS’ BLACKMAILING THREATS
AMAZE PHILADELPHIA

Mayor Ashbridge and Director English Admit | Thomash Bussey its

the Interview, Do Not Deny the Specific
age, but Say the Call Wasa Protest
st Attacks on Their  Familles,

Puivapucenia, May 12. There ts nothing
Dut amazement at the hardihood of Director of

 

Public Safety Abratwuin 1. bowie in vieiting
John Wanamaker in his private office and
using to bin threats amounting to virtual
blackinail. Friends of Mayor Ashbridge are

surprised and those opposed to the Mayor and
bis method of adininistering city affairs are
shocked and indignant. ‘The matter was the
subject of discussion in every place where ten
met to-day and the general opinion is that the
Director made a grave and foolish error, Tt is
the opinion also that he was advised to make
the call and the demand by the Mayor, who is
Known to have a exalted opinion of
himself and who thinks that itis only necessary
for him to order and for others to obey

Neither the Mayor nor Mr. English made any
attempt to-day to deny the interview, although
{n a statement mada by the Director thera was
a denial as tosome of the phrases used, Citl-
gens in private life and pol Uvians of both fae-
tions say that they do not see Low the Mayor
can longer retain Me. iuelish in the ofice of
Director. To inquiries as to whether
would be a request fur the resignation of Mr
English the Mayor said no with
that makes it practically sure that Mr. knglish
will be allowed to remain at the head of the i
portant department whieh he controis The
newspapers, witli two exceptions, ask that he be
removed,

Mayor Ashbridge and the Director both de-
clined to discuss the subject-matter of Mr

thiost

thers

    

Wanamaker’s statemvnt, each preferring to put | Richard

bis comment io writing

Director English wrote

“The newspapers of the city pub! hed this
morning a letter froin JoLu Wanamaker, charg-
{ng me with an atterupt to blackinall bin, and,
ff it were true, Mr. Wanamaher’s criticism
would be just, but he is not truthful in his state.
ments of What took place at our interview in Lis
office, or occurrences relating thereto

“Ever since Mr. Ashbridge has been Mayor

dL have been Director of Public Safety the
Wik American has attacked our personal
characters without cause or Justification

“Several months ago that newspaper pub-

lished an article as to the purchase of my home |

and tulsely stated in substance that L had noth-
{ng before J] became Director, and yet had at
once purchased a $15,000 house, but it
failed to state that there was a $0,000
mortwage on it, Which still remains, and also
eaid that I had procured a yacht, of which, in
point of fact, L have been part owner fora
eriod ofeight years and stillown
“Shortly thereafter | eomplained to Mr,
Wanamaker of these unjust attacks on our per-
gonal character, andasked him to have them
stopped, Lspoke tohun in the postion of a
private citizen only, apd requested that the
— and persistent injuaticeshouldnot be con-

  

nued hese attacks continued, however
and ina further attempt to stop them [ called
upon Mr. Wanamaker Thursday morning,
accompanied by Mr. George G. Pierie
J did not refer to nor complain as to the attacks
upon the Administration | was there as be-
ween man and man to object to the personal
Ptr upon our homes and families, and Iso |

old him, I made no

tone telephone ordinance,

» by anybody present

“T did pot ask him to answer me ‘ves or no,
but I didask him for @ decided answer to my

reference to the Key-
nor was it referred

uestion as to Whether or not he would stop
nege personal attacks. Idid not call bimoa
liar did not say he was vulnerable, which he

admitted, and he then said he would do as be
leased, I told him that neither the Mayor nor
had at any tline done him any injury or

spoken illy of him. T wade no tireats against |

 

 

him. Idid not go for that purpose, hut be»
cause of the wanton attacks ofthe rth Amere
fcan upon our tamilies, whieh had been
ersisted in for months. | went to Mr
Wanamaker, Who is the publicly acered
{ted owner of that newspaper, in self-

defence to stop these unjust attacks upon pri-
vate character, | told him we did pot object to
anv criticisin of our puble acts, at d when he
referred to the persecution by the Mavor con-
cerning bis building, | said that what was done
was done by the Building

Fire Marshal in the performance of their duties

thesame in his ae in avers other department |
— ¢

this city, and for the safety of the

Blore In
public

“Ht Mr Wanamaker feels aggrieved at what | :
} thanthe St

has actually taken place between ua, let him
appeal, as do, to any fatr-ninded man, and
gee whether he would have done lesa for the
protection of his home and family
“AnnanAM L

The answer of the Mayor was
“In relation to John Wanamaker’s letter pub-

ENGLISH.”

 

Inspectors and the |

uch emphasis |

 

ished in this morning's papers concerning
Yirector English's interview with him on Thura-
day, IL have to say that Mr Hnelish s call on Mr

 

Wanamaker was in no manner wh
public official, but to call Mr) Wanamaker’s
attention to the numerous vindictive and ma-
licious personal articles published in his news-
paper, and to Insistupon a cessation of per
sonal attacks which invaded the savetity of our
families

“LL do not believe that any self-respecting nan
would do less than protect himself and lis family

guinst such vile and unjustifiable abuse as has

een appearing in Mr. Wanamaker’s paper for
pearly a year past concerning Mr, Rogdsh and
mysell

“No one deprecates more than T do the prar-
tice now in vorue denominated ‘nia bon ine,
Dut | would submit to the jadgment ol the pub-
lic whether itis not the privilege and meht of
every man to defend himself and his family from

 

 

 

euch caliminies and slander as have been ap-
pearing in Mr Wanainaler’s paper for months
st concerning Mr. Roaiieh and mis sell
“Both Mr. English and Mr. Pierie have ad

  
 
 
 
 

vised ine that niany of the statem: atecontained
fn Mr. Wanamaker’s letter are exiggeratedand
untruthful, being i written to divert
ttention trom te ativek Mr
rata anl 1 sthisbetter than
ir. Wanamaker

“With refer rs of a demand
for Mr. kins the positon ¢

 

the Director of Department of Public Safe
desire to sav that Mr Bauglish bas alway
formed his puliic
and with intellicen

 

 

it tabed

 

tinetly understood tiation 1) under th
administration, luehor performs bis
publie duties faith fully ynovedord
missed for defending personal chataeter or
for protecting his home agamet slander an

abuse’
“Sauren TW ASHBRIDGR!'

 

Vhen Mr. Wanamaker read the itements
he said
“Penvea cireumeatantial aeeount of the
* this ‘ tir smile

 

tervirw it
{nw langue ar

He does not pre

threat mide by Mr English
tendte dea the facts

 

 

  

attenipted explanatio Teed al
mraetion! Coufesst tt awnomidnious P
The evilenee in mv jos ‘ t hi
ample before, now overwhy nely
lished by thet nat |
As far as the Mayor's «ta ent is eo
{tis es unworthy of consideration or belief as
Mr. English's
S, H. HANDY KITTS WIMSELP.

New York Spanish War Veteran Shoots Him-
self in Front of Potter Palmer's House,
Cuyicaaco, May 1! Samuel Hiand 4
years old, committed s ede to-night in frout
of Potter Painers
Drive by shooting hinself inthotermple Hands

ressdenee on the Lakes fe

came to Chicasco trom New York. Tle had been
a corporal in tl \ wcieers, and |
had fought inthe Sor \ two weels
he had been boarding att fiotel Norwood,
Thirteenth street and Michigan avenue

Papers found on the bed Owe it Hier

had been emploved Ward Rrothers,
at Fifth av wo oand Jacks teen
pocket wa ound let fro

mother in New tas

ble was giad he har

  

 

ATE MATCHES AND DRANK ACTD,
Young Waitress Commits Sulcide After a |
Quarre! With a Man.

Lena Denton, 20 years o!d, a waitress, who |

 

Hved with Charles electrician, at 49

Bt. Marks place, kijled hersell

(irean, an

last night, after

 

quarreling with Green, by eating the heads ot
matches and working the down with ear ie
acid. She was taken fran her room to Bellevue
Hospital, where she dd ad with five minutes

Green sal! that the a@irl he-
family in Chicaae

after her arrival
lonwed to a respectable

iy Mistake,

Charies

Woanded By Regulators’
Briston, Tenn, May 12
@ young ma wos shot and seriousiv
wounded by “Regulaters near Rural Ke-

treat, Va, last night. Catron was mistaken for
gone Lambert, whose lifehad been threatened
y

Catron,

 

the band. Lambert waa supposed to beat
the home of Catron’s sister, ond when the
“Regulators” called for hin Catron came to the
door to face a volley of shots

Mr. Coler Comes Home Hopefal.

Comptroller Coler returned to hia home in
Brooklyn lastevening tHe said that his trust

mesand one other Democrat whom he saw.
ir. Coler believes that 4 will appeal strongly to

|
fori was received with favor by Chatrman | A R na bi Fe i M
oO

‘v

oeverasa |
| the blotel Netherland from pieuro-pneumonia

|
|

} revenue cutter to tell her ot

|
|
|

THE

PLATI’S BOOM FOR HAWES,

THERE ARE TWO HAWESES;
WAS THE OTNER HAWES,

Gilbert KR. Thought He Woeld Like to Ke
Fedoral Judge in Hawall-Senator Thought
It Was James W., aad Inclined to Forward
His Ambitton— Discovery Disappointment,

‘There is to be a new Federal Judge appointed

WILL BE PAID.

NOW TEACHERS

School Board Appoints Mr. Bussey Treasurer
of Ite New Finance Bureae,
By a unanimous vote the Board of Education,
i meecting held last evening, ele ted
treasurerfor the ensuing
six months ata salary of $.00a year Having
provided it.elf with a treasurer the board next
proceeded to supply hitn with seme money to
spend and te tell bir how to spend It, Mr.
Hichardson, chairman ef the Finances Come-
uttes, calling for $1,321,117, part ol which will
vo toward paying April salaries of teachers

THIS

at wapect

 

 

Pacific coast, under the bill establishing a civil
government in Hawai, and it cee urred to the
Hon Gilbert Ray Hawes of this city that he

 
    
 

 

in Manhattan, Brooklyn and The Bronx, and the
remainder for claiins already af proved by the | would like the place, Mr. Hawes communi-
a al moe last evening was called | cated his desire to the Hon, Charles A Hows,
not only for the election of a trea-urer, but | leader of the Twenty-fifth Assembly district In
aise an assistant tressurer and two additional | which he lives, and asked hin for advice. Mr
aud tors, but Mi Pea ndidates for as: | Hess told Mr. Hawes that the proper thing to
ommittee sald that several candidate or Ase |
pistunt treasurer were under consideration, | do was to get letters from Judges and members
but tnatas yet the committee had pot been of the bar, and seud thea to the Senators from
able to reach aecholoa So he asked for more it : tae ad Avioa of
tine, which was aranted The bond required hai Stute Mr. Pawes also sought the a )
, Secretary Cortelyou when Mr, Cortelyou was

of the lreasurer is $109,000 And that of the fs-
sistant treasurer $50,000 They will have the
annual disbursement of abont $20,000,000 4
ro must approve Mr Bussev’s

Phe Comptre
bond, und iti xpected that he will do so to-

in town with the President at the opening of
the Ecumenical Conference. Mr. Cortelyou

told him to fle his petition in the regular way,
and it Would receive respectful consideration

 

  

 

 

 

 

     

 

   
  
  
 

orrow so that the new official will be duly
A th ria dtu in the warrnt is that thereatter Phereupon Mir. Hawes Kot the indorsements
nay be presented to him At the meeting | of several Justices of the Supreme Court in (hig
last week | Was) proposed that the | department, ull of whom are Demoerata, and of
ealary oof the treasurer) be 80,0000 and | @humber ol prominent lawyers, drew up his
that of the assistant treasurer $2,000, Mr [ petition ay dtorwarded it ta Senator Plat
Kichardson explained last evening that Senutor Piatt has a warn apotin his beart
the Finance Coumittes, had reconsidered the | for a taan nan ed Hawes-Jamnos W Hawes,
salary question & bad come tothe decision | tnother resident of | the Twenty-fifth, who
that $5,000 for the treasurer { 22,500 forthe | is alse a lawyer thia Hawes once made
fagistant treasurer was enough But the coms | & spect h in Senator Platt’s behalt | in
intiieamen.¢ they should have these | tie Republican Club Senator Platt has
ar free from the Surety | bever formotten it When the Gilbert Kay
Hawes petition and papers were deliverad to

   

the treasurer's salary

 

 

(otipuad .
. a and that of the assistant | Senator Platt, according to the story told lust
trea ure ; — , wght. he did not look elosely at the frat name
Ee reel tie in the middle of last week the | of the applicant for the Judgeship but, feading
Vinanee Committee was delegated to confer the name Hawes, at once recalled the man o
i that name who had upheld his cause, and de-

 

With the State Civil Service Cormission with
regard to putting on the exept list the audit-

cided to find out what could be done tn hia
or aud other enplovess of the Finance Bureau le

behall Senator Platt, it waa declared last
Which the school Board finds it necessary to or- evening, had about made up his mind to help
vanize as a result of the Davis law. Mr the Hawes ambition along as much as he

could) Hesent the petition and the secom-

 

 

      
 

nn, ehaimman of the cojomittee, ree a ;
ported last evening that the commission had PANVINE pe rm to Atiornay Denote Ciriges, in
refused to exempt any of the proposed new the regular course Mr. Hawes Gilbert Ray
ofleiads except the Preas for and the Assistant | Huwes--was much impreased with the progress
Ireaeqrer, notwithstanding the fact that | bisambition Was inaking James W, Knew
Compiroier Coler, as well a8 the Municipal nothing about it. Senator Platt wrote ackowl-
Civid Serviee Commission, indorsed) the come edging the receipt of the petition
inittee’s request. On motion of Mr. Mills a [hen Senator Platt received acall from a
re ition Was adonted urais Gov. Roosevelt friend of his in Washin ton, The talk. turned
sith the Board of bdueation in urging tu appointments. The Senator spoke of Hawes

 

; “He's the man who spoke for me,fonce,”’
said the Senator

"No beisn't,” said his visitor, ‘That's an-
other Hawes dames W. Hawes—this is Gilbert
Kay Hawes

Rerviee Conupission to. recones
inion inthe matter, Mr Adams of
Brooklyn and Mr. Dresser of Manhattan were
appointed a committee tos the (iovernor

 

   
  

It was reported yesterday. that Joseph J E
| f le Henk of the board, Was nolee to “Weill! said Senator Platt. Within a couple
tender | rescnation at the close of last | days the pewpapers printed a_Washingion

 

oa *
night's meeting va dthat Miles O'Brien would | despateh saying thar ex-Senator Esty of Cali-
Mr Little, speaking on | fornia would probably get the appointment
Gilbert Ray Hawes has decided that Senator

his place

be elected tr

 

 

the sntject atter the meeting adjourned, said

a It is true tl atlam going to re sign, but a Platt has Jost all of his influence with the
ft will be Leannot ell. It depends upon what Administration

my physician save He has told ma that [ ea

have kidney disaase Tam to have another | «pops '* HEADQUARTERS AT LINCOLN
consultation with him to-morrow, and, if itis , P sia iii
hisadvice, [shall resign at the next meeting . é

Want to Conduct the Campaign From the
Home City of Bryan,

Neb., May 12.—Vice-Chairman Ed-
the Populiat National Committee
opened permanent national headquarters
here to-day, it having bee® definitely
decided to establish them at Lincoln, the
home of the Presidential candidate. Mr. Fd-
miston will be in charae of the work of the
cominittes until Aug. 1, or perhaps later, Chair-
man Butler expects to be Rept busy until then
looking after his political fences in North Car-
Olina.

After Aug. 1 headquarters will be divided,

the Weetern division embraang all States west
ot the Missiesippt, with Kentueky aud Indiana

ol the board

LINCOLN,

REAL RACE OF BIG LINERS,

 

St, Pan! and Campania Together From | ™*'°" ot

Wednesday to Friday,

The Cunarder Campania and the American
Tiner St. Paul did not reach their piers until
late lest night. They usually get here in pless-
ant weather on Saturday morning, but they
had what the veteran voyagers call @ regular
winter trip almost from start to finish, with im-
peding hich head seas and chilly westerly
Bales

The Campania is from Liverpool and Queena-
town, and the Yankee ship comes from South-

ampton and Cherbour They didn’t come | reniatuing here tn charge ot Edmiston. Butler

within sla@ht of each other until they wero | Wil taky Charge of the other divisions, possibly

bou hulf wav ¢ } @t Washington

about lf way across the sea, at Mr. kdruistom {f# confident that the rank and

noon on Wednesday Yhen the oll-skinned | file of the party, who have furnished the cam-

offcers aboard the St. Paul saw to palgn funds in the past, will be much more
iberel this year, in view of the chances for

the northward or starboard, about ten
tuiles distant, ina billowy smother, the uninis-

victory and that the work will not be hampered
by lack of money.
The ratification of Towne’s nomination by the

takable linesof the great Cunarder, She was
thaking pretty heavy weather of it, and the | Democrats, he thinks, will Insure the carrying
ekipper and engineer and purser of the St. | Of Michigan, Minnesote and the two Dakotas,

and he believes the Democrats will not name
an Hastern ran for the reason that there is lit-
tle hone of carrying and Fastern State Ne-
braska's delegation opposed Townerimply on
the ground of expediency and are confident

Paul, who were more interested In the progress
of the ship than anybody elke aboard, kept tabs
on the Briton for forty-eight hours and found
that-he did not gain an inch when the seus

were tumultuou

on Friday bight folks on the St. Paul lost the | thathe is too big aman to artas Watson di
British slipand they didn't bear any more | four years ago, Ediniston beliewaa Towne wil
about horuntil thay. gotmrQuaremine, just | certainty be indorsed by the Democrats.

hdmiston has had charge - of avery
Fusion campaign in Nebraska. The Nebraska
Democratic delegation will meerahortly jo de-
termine what position they will take at Kansas
City as to Towne

before @ o'clock last night. There they learned
that the Canpania, usually @ knot faster
Paul, had been justafew minutes
nore thanan hour alead of her wetting into
port. ‘This oaneed the Bagle, which ts seen on
All the passenger listeof the American Line, to
seream a bit Mr. Williams, the purser, also
seereamed, and remarked that he hoped the

apers Wwouldn'tsay that he had been beaten
into port by the great Cunarder

Aboard the Campania was the widow of
Harold Brown, rept to Lethe wealthiest man
of Rhode Island, whe died on Thureday night at

 

 

BRIBERY CHARGE IN POLITICS,

Stamford Newspaper Dectares That tho Tyler
Republicans Made a Corrupt Offer.

STAMFORD, May i2.- Since the meet-

  

Conn,

anderysipelas Hearrived here on Weduesday | woek various rumors of a vague nature have

on the White Star Hiner Oceanic. Mrs rowr
did 1 ot Coan ea ‘the t he nad Bing i been made to the effect that boodle was ined
\ relative of ber husband had cone down ona | by the Tyler forces, The first definite charge

her affliction te | tothateffeet was made this afternoon by the

   

carned with him a mourning vetl, whieh she

wore when she landed on the pier, She waa | Dudy Advecase of tus city, which hae always
driven to her home inthis elty, 882 Fifth | been a supporter of Fessenden, It is said that
avenue | $1.500 was offered tow certain delegate if he

\inonat the passengers aboard the Campania

! wouldsupport Tvler The delegate'’s name ts

were w party of mining speenlators, headed

by George DD. Roberts, who, it) is said, | withheld, but the Advocate says it has absolute |
i told one of his. fellow passengers = that roof to back up its asserttor Pars
the patty had obtained z I ck up its ase n ane, appears

on from the Russian Government "The Tylorites innade a dead set on Fairfield

»NCAaS

  

  

|
|
mining | anxious to be called upon to do so

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

for the Eleventh Cireuit, whieh includes the |

  
  
 
    

ing of the Republican State Convention this | orgnuized at this convention and the friends of | street railway

 

SUN, SUNDAY, MAY 13, 1900.
KANSAS CITY CAR STRIKE.

from the situation, while upon the new issues sagealog . »
that have Arlen, thnae upon whieh the battle kvrorr vO TIE UP THE TROLLEY
Will be fought, we have an egorent cae OT Vp CABLE LINES FAILS.

Mr. Cary has been an ardent Gold man, andit =
is believed that he resigns as chairman beciuse
there is danger of a clash in pe coming cam |

and the principal cause of the difference of
opinion which existed four years AKO has been
by that logic of events practically eliminated

About One-third of the Employees Ge Out
Under Orders From T Labor Union
Motormen and Condactors Armed--Fed-
cral Judge Grants an Injunction in the Case,
May l2
the Metropolitan Street

 

 

 

Be rnin Connecticut between the leaders of the
iold and Silver factions of Democracy ble
does not cara ty bein that mix-up. En the call |
tor the State Convention appears the followin | Kansas City, Mo,
“ALL Demoeratie conservative reforns 14 | of the

\weneral strike

employees ol

 

   

of the Unjred 8 , ‘ronpective ol past . °
pr fee © Oren eanent, aiketonces whit car unite | Railway Company was ¢ rdered this morning
with usin the effort for pure economia) and Th ompany operates all the cable and trol
constitution Uovernment and who rave rite Jey tines in this city apd Kansas City, Kan, exe
republle and oppose the empire, are cordially ceptone new road, three miles long. The em-

‘
| drvited to join ending delegates to the
| convention | ployees number 1,290, and
Many of the prominent leaders in the silver | polled in the newly organized
movement in Connecticut were presentat the

meeting of the committer

us in

of these 700 are en-
Jocal Union In-

ternational Amalgamated Association of Street

louiway Bmployees
this association made formal

for an increase of
jon of the

BARKER THINKS

BRYAN DOOWED, Pwo days ago
a demand on the company

Doesn't Even See How the Kansas City Con. | ¢bout 25 per cent. in pay, a modilicat
vention Can Nominate Him, working day and recognition of the union. The
PHILADELPHIA, May 12 -Wharton Barker, pay any attention to the
nominee of the “Middle-of-the-Koad" Populista Hence thestrike. Itis
for President of the United States, thinks Unat | Loing engineered by Harry W. Bryan, the
William Jennings Brvan will not be potuinated | Von's national organizer, who came here a
by the Demooratic convention at Kansas City, | sort time ago for Ue purpose

company refused to
union or its demands,

oO cars
fortak«

 

 

 

  

   
 

 

| ;
party and that he believes he will lose 1,700,- | the union men not over 350 went out when
000 of the 2,000,000 Populist votes given him in | ordered. Cars have run all day as usual, but
prophesying — all sorts of “accidents
nominating Bryan, he said, had no significance, | | S when “inexperienced men” un
| aud ip his opinion the deliberations of the Cin- |
knel Usmavmeanvayel to develon Many of the
Hell 107 general trade organizations are to meet to-mer-
Bryan, lor the reason that
leaders will have to seek a candidate and a | '!lway men whoare out. Ail day the police
andahig toree of deputy shoriffs and county
who voted for MeKiniev four years ago arsials he ay 7
“Expediency,” he said, “now demands that} Yigorously ypon the pret indication of disorder,
man, or aman of similar convictious, adopt a th ir interference
platform to satisty hastern Demoerats, and put Many new gripmen and motormen and con-
will carry New York, Delaware, New Jersey | eich craw went to its car, both men were depu-
and Maryland, ali of which were swept py | tized as deputy marshals and armed with ree
States, delenting even Mr. Roosevelt or any one | move that exasperated the strikers anc angered
else whom the Kepublicans may nominate in | Union men generally Itapplied to the Fed-
hard row to hoeal these States are feurried by strikers interfering with their successors, mo
Oiney, Gorman or whomever the Democrats | lesting the eompan) ‘s property, “pieketing or
Mr. Barker said he did not contemplate mak- | tions, tracks or appronc hes thereto of any of
ing any speeches but would use bis paper to | the company's lines.” Judge William € llook
talon question particularly. “Trade expan- One of the company's presentations to the
sion, heaaid, “Dtavor, but I am opposed to | court was that it has a contract with the Gov-
country couldexpand within natural lines,follow- f writ forbids “any act or annoyance whic h will
{ng the meridians of longitude rather an the ) assistins ping the operath of the cars, ine
| we ge to the Philippines for sugar when we can } moving a car which may carry a mail carrier
| secure itin Porto Ries, within the limits of our ora messenger or upon whie mail carrier
|
|
|

 

He says Bryan hus no following in the Populist So far tho strike isa fiasco, Only about half
" . . riker 4 bold front. They are
1806. The action of the Sioux Falls Convention in | the sirikers still show a bole
to operate therm after dark What
| cinnatl Convention were the death
the Democratic | sow, and much ise xpected of them by the street
platform to satisty the 1,600,000 gold Democritus g
ice been on the alert, reacy to get
the Democrats’ nominate Mr. Olney, Mr. Gor- | But toere had been up to7 P.M. no cause for
up strong State tickets If they do this they ductors have been put on by the company As
McKinley, and elect their State tickets in these | Volvers This evening the company made A
New York State. Mr. Mckinley will bave a} eral Court for an injunction to forbid the
muy decide upon ut hansus City.” patrolling the car houses, stopping places, sta-
|
exploit his views, He will discuss the tratspor- ! granted a temporary writ returnable on May 19
territorial expansion In mv estimation the | ernment tor carrying the mail carriers The
parallels of latitude. Forexample, why should | terfering im-any w whh any employee in
sh to ride”

 

own country, on our own side of the earth? ora messenger may Ww
ian . With the coming of darkness there was much
uneasiness on the part of the public Kansas

GOOD OUTLOOK, SAYS HANNA, City's hilly nature would make it possible for
even one or two men badly to wreck @ car and
injure a great many passengers

He Thinks Kansas City Will Make It Bryan
and Towne, Like the Populists.

Senator Hanna came to this city from Wash- WESTOCHESTER'’S BILL FOR TROOPS.

{ngton yesterday on business and put up at the
Waldorf-Astoma. He expects to return to the
Capital to-day Senator Hanna said that his
trip had nothing to do with polities. He added
that the outlook for Kepubiican suceess this
year was excellent
“Lam notsurprised that

nated by the Populisis, suid the Senator
“HWeisimore of a Populist thana Democrat. |

| by

They control him. The Democrats at Kansas |
City willindorse the Populist ticket. There is

They Will Cost the County About 835,000 for
Keeplug the Peace at Croton Dam,
Major-Gian, Roe said yesterday at the Divie
Headguarters of the National Guard,
2% Broadway, that the entire expense of the
militia during the strike at the new
Croton dam would come to about $35,000, The

bill in detail, exclusive of the expenses incurred
the Seventh Regiment and Squadron A,
which will not be tabulated until to-morrow, is
as follows

sion

recent

Rrvan was nomi-

 

  

        

 

 
     
     
     

   

  

atalk about putting Admiral Dewey on as |
Vice-Presidential candidate, but I gueasitia | Tronsportation. N.Y C & HR R.. $797.00
only gossip. The Adiviral of our Navy has | Crow & Williatns, forages «i... s.-.+ 44.60
too high an offive to be second on the Bryan PA. Canney, forage aud trucking. 1440.61
tieket.” me Pe Aion, First Regiment, transporta 99) 08
Senator Hanna said that he thought there had | op MOUs HE. «.. sores asst ‘ oi
een a great gain in Republican sentiment in 7 chad ‘ ae On ANG hOrees +++ Pane 73
the Western States since lavd aud that the vote | Bruty Georrate | 645,65
there this tall would be a surprise. Hesaid that | Eleventh Br pataie Compan .  OSaS2
he had just received oa despateh | First Hattaiton, First Hegtment 21*,47
from Denver assuring him that the party | Headqcarters. payroll panbeyasetes AG6.25
was united and enthusiastic in ita | Provisions, Troop © em TOUl@ssers ereerevers $02,19
support of the Administration tle believed bd
there would not bea repetiiionof the conditions Total i syeedesy herr aneneeeso BER

In estimating the reinaining expenses at $24,-

 

which existed in September, 14068, when things 2
looked rather dark for the Republteans fo 000 Gen Roe calenlates that the horses of
expected a hard-fought campaign on bothsides, Squadron A and their forage should come to
Of the VicePreaidency, he said thateveryihing | about #s,000, their payroll to about $3,250 and
said about it now was wuesswork. the total expenses for 800 men of the Seventh
Kegiment to less than $12,000

Ithas been reported that the people of
White Plains are protesting against the Nae
thonal Guards expenses for provisions on the
ground that all articles of food were bought at
a figure greatly in excess of the marget price
th oe sat t PR: 0 5 j
Information reosived in letters from Richard | ver RY 1 esata. ice ot teadee Sere
Croker makes it seem probable that the Tam- | sions three miles from the ralroad track be
many chieftian will return from England to | {ken Inte consideration the prices paid will be
this country within three weeks to attend the | 0° d to be moderate in every instance.

Deniooratic State Convention of June& Mr

 

HILL CONTROL IN THE STATE,

Croker Said to Be Very Anxious to Be Here
for the State Convention,

 

NO STREFT CARS IN ST. LOUIS TO-DAY.

Croker wants to be able to walk without the aid |

of «# cane or a crutch when he cons :

back. As Tue Srn has told, he threw aw 7 | Shot Down to Give the Police Time to Sleep—
his crutches too soon and heda relapse He is | Strikers Keep Up the Fight.

  

very anxious to attend the State Conve i :
The Demoara c Pst Araraltine iat : Pee ST. Louis, May 12.—The fifth day of the
tie-up was one of confer
ex-senator Hill declared yesterday that tha | enees iu an attempt to settle the strike
new committee would have for atleast twenty- ' this ' ‘ ‘ ; T -
eicht out of its fifty members men who are | OUt thus far without result. en lines
frieudlytohim, It will be remembered that at | Were operated to-day under polloe

ee bust

 

the meetlog of the conuni October Mr

 

| escort The eutting of trolley wires waa freely

 

 

Croker was in control, having the Murphy and |
MeLauahlin  committeen on with ; pay " indulged in, so that even with a strong guurd,
is @apeced that. Col John F. Gaynor, | tly a small percentage of the regular quota of

the wea ahs the sPOTNI OG, Will | cars Was kept moving and those that did run

. : 8S ¢ ava - | ,

hank hic xi the Dg ET gs a ar gow wera operated irregularly, The management

mittee willbe Bryan men, or men who are will- | S4¥8 it Las plenty of men to operate the cara,

ing tohack the nominee of the Kansas City | Plus the strikers deny

Convention whatever his platform Is Ata conference of the ratiway officials with
= the Police Departiuent to-day, it was decided

 

 

 

 

 

 

fora tract of land in eastern siberia twice the | equity lt was ot the utmost importance to = » Jnof to attempt to operate cars to-morrow
siz of the State of California, Mr Roberts re | them to make as large an inroad into ft as pos- LEAVES THE PIELD TO MORGAN, The entire alien force bas been practically
fused to talk about the matter last night, but | sible, and to some extent they succeeded fon continuous services for the past. five
aiid he woul j be pinane dito dose to-day The | JJowever various the ylins adoptedto this end, | Howard Abandons the Race for Senator and | div Men and horses are worn out and
Kev j (. ,Mlozoombar, Whose native | there is at least one definite instanes, ready to Will Take the Stump for Barker. itis the intention to allow them to reat and re-
is something — @!se and ja divided | goon record in court if necessary, fn which cuperate on Sunday and Sundav night A de-
ie ! art SO the Campania | cash money, ut doa good deal of it, was the BIRMINGHAM, Ala, May 12.—Ex-Congressman | termined effort will be made to move cars Mon
dis an atic nm enerti 4 of Tl - offered — attraction \ Newtown man | M. W. Howard, Populist candidate for United | day An order W issued closing all saloons
pre One tt ae on e sald that he ty | was invited into a hotel room in Hart- | grates Senator, to-day announced hi : to-morrow and every precaution has been
ee ler 9 native The she Church of ‘ford and fatiy offered $1,500 to ald in the | * : “Se biisepbriicage S Withe | taken to prevent uniawful assemblages
in ivi He " prew 1 to-nigt at 4 Souls el etion of a Tylerite to the State Committee in drawal from the race, leaving the fleld to Sen- | The strike leaders have issued a eall for a
atin ar Mad i eS UEOR Bt ERTS om th | the Fifteenth distriet Ie told re tempter | atorJohn T. Morgan” Iloward says that if Le confere nes on & india ufternoon ot the offleers
cal) nas SOM A Veni there wae not money enough in the whole ecom- . - sch taaas e of all other labor nu psintheelty with a view
ice tahire him to go back on his word. He | had desired it he could have secured the Presi- | 1, enlisting theif aclive cooperation. The bov-
PERSECUTING TERENAS NEGROES, | didmore With proper indignation he related dential nomination at the Middie-ol-the-Road | eott is being enforced agoinst non-union street
the fucts of the attempt to bribe 7 some of | Populist. Convention in Cincinnati this carmen, many restaurant® refusing to serve
; hia friends, two ef them as well known asany | week, fle will take the etuinp through the | them atany price
Mobs neiviae 3 = ‘n oe 7 re. Tex, iwo mien \n the ‘ ounty, and it Was from one of COUnITY in behalf of the Barker-Donnelly ticket ee
viyie sma Awa rou ome, | these we heard of the transaction." and for that reason withdraws from the race , Or ,
AUSTIN, Tes, Mav i2-Thenegroesot Grimes | Allan W) Paige of Bridgeport, is mentioned in | for Senator. Tle willleave here next week Tot BUTTONWOOD COAL STRIKE OVER,
eounty are in w atate of terror on account of | the story.a@ one having & knos ledge of its de- | Oregon to assist Holt, the Populist candidate aa
i RCs Ea He becount Of | tails and who could, it he chose, give all the | for Governor Howard saye that Bryan will be The Strikers Found That Mob Violence Didn't
ontrages ex nitted by mobs of while men | particular _ forced to repudiate the Populist nomination | Pay and So Decided to Go to Wark
who are seeking to drive them out of the coune made at Stoux Falls and accept Towne as run- W s-Bar Pa. May 12—T
try. The trouble arose because the negroes | FAIRCHILD MEN OUTWITTED. hing mate or run_the chances of losing the | IWKES-Banne, Pa, May 12.—The strike at
saveand anolttical crmanisation lo taee An 6 | ns | nomination at the Democratic Convention in | the Buttonwood colliery of the Parrish Coal
eal ‘ edlihee on 4 ® enve . . . < 7 , mi L te .
ahh fi nty poltt ie tmambare ef 3 | Meantto Forma Club and a Club Was Formed, panes! he pA OEe Barus thas Dis party is) Company where the rioting occured on Tues-
i \ co ith e rrembers ot is | " ’ J iné 2 0 1 v 1@ COMUNE CaInpalgn ’ .
organization were ordered to leave the coune but It Wasn't a Fairchild Club, may unify and upbuild it, ©" | day was ended to-day by the strikers, A meet-
' ae - complied) with sg ord r Yonkens, May 12. Frienda of ex-Congresse _— ! ing of ae penn oP Se held this atter-
hose oo refuesd to obey it have been at- nae pecieae. * 7 . . — noon and it was decided that all should go back
tacked and beaten. Sam Clark, one of the | man Beniamin L. Fairchild of Pelham under- BRYAN MEN AGGRESSIVE, to work on Monday, as it wasevdent that the
viefinns of a mob arrived here to-day and ap- took, itis said, to forma pollfieal elub in his officials of the mine and the speeial offleers
pealed t e State author for protection. | interest to-night at John Johnson’y saloon in | Thes Are Going to Organize in Brooklyn | could protect them from the striker When
: det : ' ent 6 if a ar p iy om ner as " the Seventh ward of this eity At was tobe Regardless of the Regulars, | ele q ALS ae pene & pa 1
rhe ( ‘ ! f Pinoba atec : F : i @ meeting fo say that no one woul ”
called the Sherwood Park Republican Club During the present week the enthusiastic | molested aud announcing that all the strikers

All the arrangements had been made with secs

recy bul
wind of it The Mayor is
Heutenant of ex-Conaressman William LL
Ward, Fairehild's When the
rneeting was called to-night the men selected
to form the organization found that the place
wis eWarroing with men who had not been io-
vited An organization was formed to be
knownas the Seventh Ward Republican Club |
and William 1, Watson, a strong Sutherland
man, Was elected chairman

fhe Sutherland men overwhelmed the oppo-
ind elected ten of their numbera cotn- |

the Yonkers

   

political toe

 

 

‘
1 e to draft by-laws Mayor Suther-
land's administration Was indorsed a8
was hia didacy tor any offlee he should
choae to ol When Fairchild and several
speaker how he hid brought along arrived
th were very iodienant ard at a late hour
ffy neo! the sree hos arranged ar had been
Alt 7 }inade. Maver Sutherland sag elected a @ lo-
SY eue oa | gate recentiy tot National Convention
-~- LAL

:
\ z CONNECTICUT DEMOCRATS.
Le are the largest tailoring house ae

| " Oring ho ane State Convention to Be Held en June 7 to

riends of Mayor Leslie Sutherland got | Brooklyn propose © inaugurate a movement in

| Assistant Corporation Counsel Luke D St

' Morton ©) Davia, Isaac M Kanper, Jarmes Bald- |

William Jennings Hrvan in | Would return to work on Tuesday if permitted
| Supt Sinythe saidthat they could go to work
audthatil the men behaved themselves he would
his interest, independent of the regular Demo- | drop the cases against thelr leaders for riot
cratic organization, An address to the voters | ‘These men were released irom Jail to-day

will be prepared and steps taken to organize a ‘
strong bryan club in each Assembly district. | Arbitration Committee Wont Discuss Wages.
heraily will be under the Chicago platform . ' : ‘

the ultimate intention being to send a contest. The Arbitrati n Committee of the
ing delegation not only to the State, but to the Metal Trades
peu nal ronvention unless the regulars join | Assoctation of Machi: nuain yesterday
nthe movement The recognized Bryan chief- ‘ 1} '

i ah } atthe Murray Hill Hotel 3 ‘ smands
taina in Brooklyn ave Senator Michael J. Coffey, | of the mac hiniate eave talked wee rete

aple- alme
ton, Warden Patrick Haves, Henry A. Goulde Niiers, Chairman of

supporters of Col

Lr

 

National

 

a inet

 

 

 

| wages Dd)
n, | Commnittee, sai
“We have decided to let the local unions and

the Presa

 

 

 

win, BF. G. Higgenbotharu, John T Willoughby }
. > . 9 local etaployers deal with the question of wases
| Matthew Maher, Henry Newman, Richard This convention did not conter plate taking Up
y halen, jopert Stewart an@ former Judge | the wage question, a8 we could not sett S ihe
ames rt uigiey wages for all the cities in the country where we
) have members There will be plenty of matters
Strong Sulzer. to adjust without that.’

Congressman Wii a It was snid later that there may be an excep-

neressinan Wiliam Sulser, who is con- | gqontothis rulein the cases of Chicago, Cle

vineed that the proper national ticket for thea | land and Paterson, as the strikes were declared
Democratic party to nominate {s Bryan and | Tin ae ge ae ding 1ne present arbitra-
Sulzer, had an agent at the Pop convention in | non and the demands of the strikers inclided
| Sioux Falls to keep hin informed. Mr. Sulzer | °™ TOT © PRIMER FEtS OF Waees

 

in the world becanse we give vou the
large st
think otherwise,

Waterbary- Chairman Cary Resigns.

NEW Haven, Conn, May 12—-For the second
time in the history of the Democratic party of

value, Monev baek if vou

s il a] fe bli 4 Connecticut a town other than Martferd or |
Speen snle oo nie, gray and | New Haven was selected to-day by the |
black serges, alpaen lined, tailored | Democratic State Central Couurittes for |

the State Convention 10 elect

manner, sui , ,
Lit to orde , to the National Convention tn Kansas City

in the smartest

A : i 5 aa
$20.00, Topeoat, $18.00,  Over- 9 on july 4 Waterbury got the convention |
1 Coat, of several shades of Oxtord, and it will be held in that etty on |

Thursday, ‘une 7 Mayor Edward © Kilduff

silk lined and taeed to edge, 822,00,

'

|

Baca : , of Waterbury Was selected by the State Cen-
| Wi recommend black findings, ab-

tral Committee to be emorary chairman ai
5 tas , ee : the @onvention. Melbert
solutely fist. We have tashion | tie 4, Cor Who has been chairman ol comupit-
} Ti bn neue tee fortour years, resigned His successor wil
} Ti . al A ir \ a fon, be named by (ne new State Central Committee
‘ashion wokilet sumples npe | at the Waterbury Convention Fermer Post-
ate weeny » tay { master Bryan F Mahan ot New London te the
only name thus far mentioned for the chain
manslip
Mr. Cary in his letter of resignation said that
when he assumed the duties of the chairman-
-hip four years ago he did ao ina spirit of loy-
ality to the party and feeling that there was a
éTeat opportunity to harmonjzeali the elaments
, andwet the party in good shape for 1900. He

measure and measuring guide free
pon application.

Se dele a the National Convention and | Broadway & Oth Street, a. at the threshold of the Presidential cam

j Pain the Democrats of Connecticut are united

Teter Sa artemis SIR RENE a ST RE

delegates | yesterday that the Hon. John R. Haael of Bute |

cary, of Ridg» |

thought that the oantes might nomioate him

| for Vice-President. fle got this telegram trom

| hie agent on Wednesday

| You are very strong here. We shall nom-
inate Towne.”

Quincey Copper Mine Strike Settled,
Homonton, Mich, May 12
j ananucable basis of the

7 as reached to-ds al
Mazel to Have the Jadgeship. | was reached day by which the miners and
| other underground workmen wili receive an

It was deciared by promipent Republicans | advance of 10 per cent
fulltime

A settlement on

in Wages and will get
on Saturdays for work until 2 0%

falo would be appointed Judge of the New Fed- | inthe afternoon. | About 1.40 men

eral Judicial deter to be formed In the woote | SMM hem cm Monday, The

lock
will beat
Oseeola mine

 

ern end of the State. Mr Hazel's cand dacs
| has the tndorsement of Senators Platt and at
| Depew Cold Penmakers Strike.

Was Me Killed by a Baseball?

The police of the Mercer street station arein- bes

vestigating the death of William H. Samo,a eae. oF tne ee

| truck driver, who died auddenly yesterday af- Neat kate thar PEER Bn, vat rding to
| tepnoe., while seated on the tall end of his | penmakers in the country Thor aay masa
truck. The police heard that a man in the | B ices reewive full pay before serving theit
| ntghborhood had said that Samo myst have, "¥@ years and that there are too many of then
| been hit by a baseball by some boys who wera
| g ing there Dr. Dorlip will make an auiopsy
Saino lived at 8 Maroy place, Tremont

The Gold Penmakers
general ¢trike for an ir

has
ase of wawes and the
ceship system There

Union

 
 

 

 

 

 

Labor Parade tn Atlantie City,
ATLANTIC City, N.d., May 12.-A thousand

Latest Marine Intelligence. laborers and mechantes, members of local labor

Arrived: S& Rotterdam, Voege, Rotterdam, April | Whlons paraded to-night. The marshal was W
38: Ss Fridt) of Nansen regen? reso, May §:‘Ship | F Potter. After the parade there wasa meet-

 

 

TO
Hampton, MeDonald, London Ava 9; Ship Forrest | ingouythe Auditorium pier, which w
, don, ' ' ts
Holl, Scott, Liverpool, March 31. eaves by Surauel Gompers and others, -

Association and the International
|

ordered a |

Regarding |

 
  
    
 

  
     
   

“Buy China and Glass Right”

SIIGGINS & SEITER:

FINE RICH 4
é CHINA comm CUT

Up

 

   

 
  
     
         
   
 
      
 
     
         
     
   
    
      
               
      
   
   
 

TOILET SETS, DINNER SETS,
JARDINIERES, GLASSWARE, ETC.,

(For Country Furnishing

5 Full size cottage toilet pets, as . Forest rean
Toilet sorted decorations inevera cal | Dinner wee eer
; 8 , 63.45, ation, gold il-
Sets. ors, complete with jar | Se fminated
Chrysanthemum decorations, bright col | throughout, artistlo
om, stippled clouded gold edges, ise | shapes, complete
PUOCOD 0... cecee cc eee eens ai aeuae eden ih 00 | wet...... ,, 019.05

    

White and ¢y'4, embossed parte all being | Chinese decoration
oO (with green edge,

traced in ¢ 12 pieces complete 4.8 n
i i English make, oom-
Plain tinted sets, shading from li ht to dark | i
tints, gold tracings, can be had in §iak | plete set... 091.00
blue or pink ’ voce O82
There are many others to seleot from at
these and higher prices
English Doulton Jardin-| Spode Tower
Doulton lores, dellcate reer dere | Blue Onion
inieres. ion with lace wor
Jardin gravion  Ulue at bottom, | Crystal

in ligh
Glass

traced gold edres 61.90
}
8 inch reduced trom $2.00... . 0000s 1 go | Sets.

  

 
 

Wecarry a

full stook of the following

Dinner Sets. well known blue dinnerware
patterus for cotfage use

O20. aKiSyivan Sul. S819 45

24.60 Deilaud. Ih 46

Good quality glass with neat

wreath border, 60 pier coin-

BUOEO sen vccrevvoesees 8.00

We have 36 other styles to select

from {ft this does not please you

  
  

   

el

        

2 Re

        

  
 

   
  

ea

‘> * 8 00.. of pl
« * 60! An interesting oollection of old
at N « ” See ves consents eae Dutch Dutoh Pottery in quaint shapes
3° O00. BAB) Bore ereen glaze. Many pinomm sulta-
” * “  19.10., 5.00 PY +b ie for flowers, etc. at prioas rang

16 2 |

1 : be each ing from... . £0¢. t) 10.00
Jardinieras in plain colors, ..... 2 thaau- |, For.the complete furnishing of country
Spectal line of Minton jardinieres wi te houses, yachis. olubs etc, we offer inducements
cers. ranging in price from 360 upwards. | which jt will be interestiig for you to kbow about,

50-54 WEST TWENTY-SECOND STREET.
Wedding Gifts a Specialty.

 

THE FASSO_ CORSET

IS SHOWN IN A VARIETY OF STRAIGHT-FRONT
MODELS, PARTICULARLY IN THE

|

| A

EMARIE THERESE, MARIE ANTOINETTE.
CARMEN and ROXANE.

THE FASSO CORSET IN ALL ITS STYLES iS
IMPORTED SOLELY BY

B. Altman & Co.

cree ee ER

    

 

RANOBF WITH ACAB DRIVER

voung man's relatives live in the same housa
When a SUN reporter called there yesterday
afternoon he was greeted by two young

women, Who openly accused him of being an

einissary of the Miller family. They said thut

they were oousins of the bridegroom.

ee : eet mart lee any hg and you can't cet
a : yer back,” said the girls trumphanuy. Tha
She Is Only Seventeen, and James E. Miller, | reporte explained it he didne want to wet
|

|

|

!

 

ANNA JACKSON LEAVES A WEALTHY

HOME AND WEDS IN SECRET,

Wer Indalgent Grandfather, Didn't Sas- | her back and asked for further information,
pect Her Fondness for Alfred Terwilliger | but the two cousins only giggled and sald that
Old Folks Would Welcome Her Back. Mr. and Mrs. Terwilliger were outand nothint
was to be said about the matter anyway. They
Being, as she conoeived, of age to determine | Would go so far as to state, however, that tha
upon the facts of life for herself, seveuteen- her were or married on ‘Thursday coy ats
te . r an 16 less cuuttous of the cousin® started to ox.
year-old Annadar kon left her home on Thiure- pr ss a convietion that the Miller family's fec!+
day in an unobtrusive manner and got married,
thereby causing her family considerable as-

nes would be -butf what she oonsidered they
tonishment and dismay

would bethe reporter was not permitted to
learn, as the other transmitted to ber what

Miss Jackson lived | would be termed in sportin parlance severe
uppercut on the mba, and she subst od with a

with ber grandparents, Mr. and Mre

James FE. Miller, at 160 Fast Kighty-third | S'arted snort

sent, bar father bli ; . lid ure’) Mr. Miller, when asked about the marriage of
* ather ng at invalid and | his granddaugiter, said he knew very. lithe

her mother being dead The Millers | about ittand was not pleased with what hedd

are wealthy, owning a number of houses | KNOW As for the effect it would have upon Lia

+ F . that was not a matter fir
in hast Eighty-third street and that vicinity, | hin todecide, as most of the property, he sic

|

| nheritance,
and old Mr. Miller has spent oonsiderable | is his wife's. Mrs, Miller, he added, f adiy

|

girl's

 

money educating Anna, of whom he is very | Over the matter, but would welcome her grils
fond. It is said in the neighborhood that the Tle couldn'tsay the sane nso
enlargement of his back yard into an elaborate

daughter back.
‘Terwilliger
“T don't know much about that younm ian,”

 

garden was done because she was fond of sald he ake edtosee him sApont the liver?
‘ stable and know who he is on't think hes

\ % ] > tled. a : ¥
flowers. All her wishes were gratified, and she | pot very niuch tosupport a wife on. In fact,
wis, perhaps, something of a spoiled etild it Was said that he was always hard uj But

 

it's only fair to say that I don't know anvt!
really against the man‘

It is said that Terwilliger's father hasn't vet
learned of his son's wedding, being out of town
Terwitliger’s sister satd vesterday thot -)4
hadn't heard anything abont her broths: bend
married, and she had never heard of Anse@
Jackson

 

Was one wish which her

grandparents knew nothing, and that was con-
nected with Alired ©. Teryw

however, of

 

}
wer

A few doors from the Miller house is @ livery |
stable, which untila few months ago was con-
|

|

|

|

|

|

 

ducted by young Terwilliger’s father. Since
then he has gone out of business, Alfred, who
Is about 24 years old, was emploved asa driver
inthe stable not known to her
family he became acquainted with the girl Tt

ARRANGED HER OWN FUNERAL.

In sere way -
Certain Preferred Mourners and a Scripture

didn’t enter the head of Mr. Miller that Text Specified in Her Will.
Anna, whom he regarded as a mere The will of Elizabeth Arkplia Buckley, who
child, could be interested {tn young men | died on May 56 at 110 Rast Ninety-sever "nh

street, fled for probate, disposed of a srnall es
tate among her son, Lorenzo H. Thompron, aod
her friends. It requested that several persons

and anyway,he had no cause to suspect that she
had a liking for Terwilliger
knew of the youns man wae

Allthat Mr. Miller

that he oeeasion-

ally saw him about the stable or driving aear- | Whom she names, should sitat the he ad of her
riage. It may be that he has driven Mr. Miller | coffin and occupy the front coaches at her fue
himself; the latter isn't sure) But Mr. Miller | neral, that the clereyman read the fonrteen(a
didn't knqw everything that was going on in the | SEO! the fourteenth chapter of Jah wot tag
nelghboribood, and one of the th the hymn be sung “He Is the Lily of the ;

t Shee : ® things that lay To her husband, Thomas To Buekles Aith
outside his knowledve was that Anna and Ter- | Whom Lhave not lived for some tin m a

j rere improving ac queathedone dollar. Theseripture referred to -t
Williger were Iinproving a chance acquaintance | "Ifa man die, shail he live aaa \ ,

into a friendship, and that in turn, into some. | days of my appointed time will | wait, td we

 

 

 

 
 

thing warmer, His first enlightenment came | change come,”
on Thursday evening and with sueh sudden- | (senmninencantanenieemmnne
=, is said, that the old gentleman was LUCK FOR A’ LEADING LADY,
Anna had received a letter on ’ -
ternoon, Which ene said wie trom zhuriay ale Nursed Some Miners tn Australia and There's
She asked permission to go and see this girl a Letter Saying $15,000 Ly Hers
Mr Miller didn't obiect, but said that she | Say Pn incis Mt re Halen Atervi'l
mist take along A servant, and to this cat PAN NANCE wot Helen L
stuck, despite her plea that she was going only leading lady of the Tivola Opera Compar ’
a little way and didn't need any escort os singing here th “The Wisard °
the servant and Anna went out toge ae | ae we ne ;
al the corner of Mad Out together aod | has juat received word from Australia thats!4@
wan Walt aa Ison avenne Terwilliger | has $15,000 in dividends from a mite ’
“That wii do; you may go now.” «ai P (oolwardie district rowhie he pani Bo
aweotly to thenervunt, and she and thee youn | Whirt siuaing in Auatralis luet yeur with 118
pan took a downbound car. {hey went dire: tly | & MOKeC Com ANY, whe p y ; ere
po chureh and were married, and Anna not{- 2 oa es 1 ae urdis > In J Pas i
a por srandparents by note The young | oh eying for \t nd ve ted'§ . I? ter
b dt ke al oe hihi ee Which Terwill ger gave ha fan the din dends t d dia a
MiG taken ACN Fifth avenue Several of the | letter off : Fi on for het ntere t,

Quincy mine strike |

     

 

    

     

        
     
  

 

    

 

 

     
      
        
      
   

  

: ee Poe. a er aS « OD ~ \ ee "
4h" fi i Fi ce ¥ _ Pay rs
thax 6 Li tthe A dads ve pa re Tied
i | Wy DI
ii ae 2M 6 Ae eee ba

CLEAR HAVANA CIGAR

smokers everywhere (if they have good t.s'e) find PLEASURE
and SATISFACTION in La Fernandina, The quality and
flavor which makes it the best clear Havana cigar assures both.

10-1 5-20-25c.

All leading cigar stores and hotels,

     

Different sizes,

 

sAI

Eve

Bo
fred
New
tives,
and
cam)
of th

tur
who
lsc
$100

Inson
emp
duc

own

cul:
Pa
ye

Jop
dis

nit

Ww
ino

hon
co
ord
his
op
he

his

Sx
in
min

Bix
brid
Con
Tw
wa
hu