“+

a

Pn

a

fy

  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

i a
S—S————

SUNDAY, MAY 18, 1900.

 

 

SS
Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month «00 60

LY, per Year » 600
DAILY, pe 900

 

 
  
 
 
  

BUNDAY, por Year... cceecees
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year. .s '

DAILY AND SUNDAY, pet Montb...
Postage to fureign countries added.
‘Tae SUN, New York City

Panis Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Biosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
pudlication wish to have rejected arlicies returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose

—=
In the Hands of the Philistines.

By means of the Sioux Falls platform
the Bryan section of the People's party
“extends to ita allies in the struggle for
financial and economic freedom assurances
of its loyalty to the principles which ani-
mate the allied forces.” The animating
principles of the People’s party and the
go-called Democrats are the same to a
great extent. The Nebraska Fusion plat-
form of this year indicated a still further
submersion of Democracy in Populism. The
Chicago platform is thoroughly Populist,
but not the whole body of Populistic doc-
trine was there expressed, The so-called
Democratic party, however, has gone 80
far in the direction of radicalism and social-
ism that a few paces farther will not cost
# much pain.

The Populist path to economic freedom
feads to what old-fashioned Democrats
would have regarded as an intolerable
@lavery. The Sioux Falls thinkers would
remedy Trusts by Government ownership
and operation of railroads and of “the
‘means of the transmission of informa-
tion.” Here in this town the Democrats
are in favor of the municipal ownership
of public utilities, From ownership and
operation by the municipality to State
and Federal ownership and operation
Ye no long journey. About the only dif-
ference between Col, BRYAN and the more
advanced Populists is this matter. He
and the rest of the so-called Democrats
will probably come to it at last. The old
Democratic individualistic instinct seems
to have been lost, The South, where it
was strongest, meekly or wearily accepts
anything and everything that calls itself
Democratic. Inthe North the Hon, Davip
Bennetr Hin. surprises his friends by
fnveighing against alleged Republican
centralization in State affairs, yet he clings
desperately to the real party of centrali-
vation

Ghost issues like militarism and impe-
rialism and Trusts may keep in the so-
called Democratic party some men who
fondly believe in Jeffersonian Democracy
and look with eontempt upon the Populist
cranks, no crazier than the now accepted
Democratic Jeaders, But Populism, which
{s all the vital force left in the so-called
Democratic party, is essentially socialistic.
The believer in the Democracy of Jefferson
finds himself in queer company in the
Bryan camp and votes against his’ prin-
ciples if he votes for those of BRYAN

 

 

Sir Charles Tupper in Ontario,

Ever since Sir Cran ces Tt reer, the leader
of the Canadian Conservatives, spoke at Mon-
treal on Imperial Parliamentary boderation,
the newspaper organs of the Liberals have
asserted that Sir Ciakies has one voice for
the Province of Quebec and another voice
fo: Province of Ontario. On Friday,
May 4, the Canadian leader delivered a
lecture onthe Past, Present and Future of
Canada,” inthe Collegiate Institute at Lind-
gay, Ontario, before an audience eormpris-
ing representatives of both political parties,
A report of what he said on this occasion
4s published in the ‘Toronto We
observe that he took precisely the same
ground in addressing an English-speak-
{ng Protestant audience in Ontario that
he had previously taken before a French-
Canadian and Roman Catholic audience in
the Province of Quebec

Referring to the formation of an impe-
rial Federation League in England in 1884,
Bir Caarces pointed out that the conclusion
arrived at by the founders of that body was
that a Parliamentary federation of the
British Empire was impracticable, and that
time would be wasted in discussing it,
Buch a federation, he explained, would in-
volve the relegation of the present House of
Lords and House of Commons to merely
local functions, dealing with the specific in-
terests of the United Kingdom, while above
those chambers would be erected an Impe-
rial Parliament representing the whole
Empire, in which it would be necessary that
representation should be exactly or approx-
{matively proportioned to population,
What, asked Sir CHARLES, would be the
result? This question he proceeded to
answer, first, from an English point of
View, asserting that there is not a states-
man in England who does not know that,
at a comparatively early date, the outlying
and now self-governing portions of the
Empire, to wit, Canada, Australia and
South Africa, will contain a larger popula-
tion than that of the British Islands. When
that day comes, if Imperial Parliamentary
federation should exist, Great Britain
would find herself governed, so far as Im-
perial interests should be concerned, by a
majority drawn from territories altogether
outside of the United Kingdom, In Sir
CHaries Turprr’s judgment, tt
take a hundred years to persuade the
United Kingdom even to consider such a
proposal

From the Canadian point of view, Impe-
rial Parliamentary federation would be no
less objectionable. Sir Changs Tupper
expressed the belief that there does not
exist any intelligent Canadian of any party
who would be willing to see the Dominion
merged in an Imperial federation that woula
involve the governing of Canada, as regards
taxation and expenditure and the other
national interests that are now controlled at
Ottawa, by a Federal Parliament at St,

Stephen's. Sucha régime would imply the

the

lobe

subjection of Canada to the same ratio of |

taxation which would be applicable to the
United Kingdom. Sir Cranes reaffirmed
the declaration made by him in the Prov-
ince of Quebec that, on the basis of
military and naval expenditures this
year, which, to be sure, is exceptional,
Canada’s share would be at least $46,-
000,000, He proceeded to quote a state-
ment made by the British Chancellor
of the Exchequer, that Scotland, with a
Smaller population than Canada, was paying
nearly $70,000,000 this year, as her share of
the expenditure authorized by the Parlia-
Ment at Westiiinster. It would be, Sir

Bs thought, many a long day before

accept Scotland's position, On the oon-
trary, the citizens of the Dominion would
hold that one of the things to be cherished
and preserved for all time was their power
of self-government.

Accoraing to Sir CHARLES TUPPER, such
contributions as Canadians may make here-
after for the safeguarding and welfare of
the British Empire will be made at their
own option and in their own way. As
ia matter of fact, he said, Canadians
were even now contributing to the de-
fence of the Empire from fifty-five to
sixty million dollars a year By way of
the interest paid on transcontinental
and transoceanic lines, which he pro-
nounced absolutely vital to the protec-
tion of imperial interests, ‘'So far as my
life and my opinion go,” the speaker de-

 

herself or any other country in the world
should ever be empowered to impose a
dollar of taxation on the people of Canada.
We are a free country and we have con-
ceded to us the entire management of our
| own affairs. At the same time,” he added,
“whenever the interests of the British
Empire should be at stake Canada would
be found ready in the future, as she has
| been in the past, to do her duty without any
compulsion whatever.”

Sir CHARLES concluded bis address at
Lindsay in Ontario by advocating a substi-
tute for Parliamentary federation, to wit: A
reciprocal trade arrangement within the
Empire. He said that if her Majesty's Gov-
ernment would puta small duty on the
products of foreign countries that come
into competition with Canada’s, Canada, on
her part, would give a corresponding ad-
vantaye to British commodities, This was

/ all that was needed, he said, to assure a

great expansion of the Colonies and a com. |

mensurate benefit to the mother country.

Presbyterianism and Unitarianism.

The General Assembly of the Presby-
terian Church will meet at St. Louis next
Thursday, and the question of the revision
of the Westminster Confession will come
before it. That anything definitive will
result from the discussion, however, is
not probable, for the real cause of the de-
mand for such revision lies far deeper, or
inthe authority of the Scriptures, on which
| alone the Presbyterian confession of faith
j is based, Pventually that essential
fundamenta! issue will have to be met
and decided squarely by every Church in
Christendom, but the supreme Presbyterian
judicature is yet ready to face it
or rather the school of criticism which
practically denies supernatural Biblical au-
thority is still too timid to force it.

The General Assembly is likely to end,
| therefore, without having taken any meas-

ures for the revision of its standard of

faith. Herein New York and in some other
large urban communities doubts engendered
by the so-called “higher criticism’ have
affected some of the clergy and perhaps

not

'
|
; many of them, but the great body of Pres- |
| byterianism remains steadfast in its alle- |

| viance to the Westminster Confession and
| finds in the proof-texts with which the

articlos of that standard are sustained
| absolutely Divine authority for their enun-
} ciation.

thatany attempt to revise a single article

| like that Of Gov’s Eternal Decree,” inorder |

| to satisfy contemporary aversion to ever-
lasting punishment, would involve the sur-
j render of a principle vital to the whole
Tonfession. “Practically, opposition to this

| doctrine of election implies opposition to |

| the whole system of redemption and salva-

| tion tauzht by orthodox theology, and the |

| Presbyterian Church could jot surrender to
| .
of the present time

Next Sunday, or three days after the
| meeting of the General Assembly at St,

| Louis, the American Unitarian Association |

} will begin at Boston the celebration of
| its seventy-fifth anniversary, though the
| active Unitarian movement in this country
| has proceeded since the beginning of
, the present century. The final rupture
between the Unitarian and Trinitarian
Congregationalists took place in 1815 as the
| result of a controversy bet ween Dr, CHan-
NING and Dr, Worcrster, and thereafter

the Congregationalist churches or societies
began to lake their positions definitely on
one or the other side, many “of the oldest
Puritan churches going over squarely to
Unitarianism. Relatively to ita more ex-
| treme development in these days it
then conservative and evangelical, and so
| il Was even as compared with the teachings
| of the present school of Biblical criticism in
Dr. CHANNING had a
devout reverence for the authority of
Scripture, The Rev. Dr, GILBERT, a pro-
fessor of a Trinitarian theological seminary

| orthodoxy itsel!

at Chicago, finds no evidence of the pre- |

existence of CHRIST in the words of JEsuUs,
but Dr, CHANNING believed init and that

Cnrist came down from heaven for the |

salvation of men,

The present fashionable method of
avoiding the appearance of infidelity, among
nominally orthodox preachers, that of
preaching CuRisT only,’’ meaning thereby
the ethical teachings of Jrsvus, goes to an
extreme beyond that of Dr. CHANNING,
and it
Unitarianism.

movement for the revision of the West-

} minster Confession, proceeding, as it does, ,

from questioning the authority of the Scrip-

ture, Is steadily approaching the position |

of the more conservative Unitarian school,
as, doubtless, will be made manifest during
the anniversary celebration at Boston, The

| logical end of both, of course, is in the eur- |
would |

rent agnosticism, which treats Jesus as an

ethical teacher simply and divine only in the |

| sense that any teacher's doctrine which ex-
| presses truth is divine.

| The Presbyterian General Assembly at St.
| Louds wil) not thus come into unison with

 

simultaneously at Boston. It will not give
up theology at the dictation of a system of
human ethics

 

A State School of Ceramics,

State education run mad finds apt expres-

sion in a bill which has slipped through the

| Legislature without attracting any public

attention and was made a law by the Gover-
| noron April 11, 1900,

This enactment establishes a State School
of Clay Working and Ceramics at Alfred
University.

We dare say, most people in New York
never heard of Alfred University.

This institution is the pride and posses-
sion of the village of Alfred Centre, in Alle-
gany county, aplace which had a population
of 766 in the census of 1890. The college

' had its origin in 1836, was chartered in 1857
and is a denominational! stronghold of the
Seventh Day Baptists.

Why the people of the State of New York

should be taxed to teach pupils how to

clared, ‘' | would never consent that England |

and |

Moreover, the acuter minds among |

' . |
Presbyterian theologians see very clearly |
! game to the conclusion that the best thing |

} it without surrendering to the Unitarianism |

was |

'
renders easy their acceptance of |
Moreover, the Presbyterian |

the religious philosophy which is celebrated |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MAY 13,

 

puzzle which does not admit of any satis-
| factory solution.
| The sum of $16,000 is appropriated in the
first place ‘ for the purpose of constructing
| and equipping a suitable building for such
| school,’ Then, having provided a home
and tools for the young potter, the Legisla-
ture in ita wisdom goes on to sav:

‘Section 2. For the maintenance for one year of
said State school of clay working and ceramics, the
sum of $5,000 or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is hereby appropriated out of moneys
in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, payable
to the Treasurer of Alfred 'niversity, on the warrant
of the Comptroller."

This, of course, is only the beginning.
The department of pots and vases at Alfred
University will want that appropriation
every year, and will support its demand
therefor by a reference to another require-
ment of the statute, which is that there shall
be no charge for tuition in clay working
| and ceramics to students of the school who
are residents of this State. Annual appro-
priations have an inherent tendency to
augment. The Department of Agriculture
furnishes a striking illustration of this ten-
dency. That department began in 1884 with
a Dairy Commissioner and a clerk; its sal-
aries aggregated $4,250. It has blossomed
out into a branch of the State Government
with a salary list of $69,000, and an appro-
priation of $31,000 more for travelling and
other expenses, And the end is not yet.

Thesuccess of Alfred University in procur-
ing the establishment of a State School of
Ceramics will doubtless awaken an eager
and hopeful interest in other institutions of
learning all the way from Shelter Island to
Chautauqua. Each Board of Trustees will
| say: ‘' Why should not we too receive $15,-
000 for putting up and fitting up a school

building and $5,000 a year for teaching
| therein any branch of learning which the

taxpayer yearns to have taught at the
public expense, from Sanskrit down to shoe-
making?”
| ‘Thus it is apparent that the act to estab-
lish a State School of Ceramics is the first
j step in the development of a new educa-
tional system which will be capable of great
| expansion. The multiplication of State
}

 

schools will give us institutions at which
free instruction can be obtained in every
department of human study and endeavor

There is one school, however, which need ,

not be established. It exists already in the
Capitol at Albany, when the Senate and
Assembly are in seasion. We refer to the
State School for the Enactment of Idiotic
Legislation

simple as it is striking, is presented to the
student of our institutions and of our na-

| tional character, in the experiment that will
| be tried in July next at Cambridge, when
; nearly fAfteen hundred Cuban teachers,

teachers in the island, will be entertained
and justructed for forty days, in form as

the guests of Harvard, in reality as the |
' guesta ofthe American people whom the uni- :

| versity has taken upon itself to represent,
When Supt. Frye took charge of the
Department of Edueation in Cuba he soon

that could happen to the Cubans would be

Harvard Americanism and the Cuban
Teachers,
An object lesson in Americanism, as |

more than a third of all the public school |

 

to transport every teacher immediately to |
| the United States and there let them form |
' gome conception of what common schools |

and common school teaching should be
That Utopian ideal would have seemed
| unattainable in any other land, or attaina-
ble only after delays that would have
destroyed its utility, yet when placed before
hard-headed business men they not only
accepted it, but saw no diffleulties in
| the way of carrying it out that would
not be surmounted. Gen. LEONARD Woop
and Secretary Kooi though they could
arrange their endof the undertaking. Presi-
dent En.tor and the Fellows of Harvard Col-
lege undertook to provide all that was
' needed at the other end and the thing was
done. At the end of June, 1,450 out of the
3,500 teachers of Cuba, men and women, wil]
be transported from their homes to Boston

and Cambridge, where they will be housed, |

' fed and taught for six weeks and a half;
thence they will be taken on an excursion
| through the country to Chicago, Washington
' and New York and then taken back to their
| homes, free of all cost to themselves,
| The money cost of the enterprise, so far
} asthe stay in Cambridge is concerned, wil!
be over $70,000 and for this the corporation
of Harvard University makes itself respon-
sible, though, of course, it does not expect
to pay the whole or perhaps any part of
that sum.
patriotism and generosity of the people of
Massachusetts to make it up in time, As
Mr. CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, 2d, the
_ Treasurer/says, in his appeal for contribu-
tions, ‘the university has no money which
can be properly applied to this purpose.’
' He might go further and say with truth
that the sum far exceeds the annual income
of the funds of the university which it {s
free to useffor other than specified purposes.
What the university does give freely, besides
the immediate tender of the money needed,
! isthe use of its bnildings and collections
and ‘' the labor of many of its own officers and
servants.”' ‘‘Thestudenta have given the use
of their rooms for the men teachers, and

receive the Cuban women into their homes
either gratuitously or at low rates.”’ Even
' greater than the vost in money must be the
| demands on the time and the personal
exertions of the Harvard instructors and
their wives and of the students who will
endeavor to show the Cuban teachers what
Masachusetta hospitality means when it is
| fully aroused,
| The plans made for the teachers are in-
teresting. They are to arrive in Boston on
five Government transports on July 1, and
go will witness a genuine American Fourth
of July. They will be taken to Lexington
| and Concord and Bunker Hill and Boston
Common and Plymouth Rock, they will
have a look at Yankee schoolhouses, and
school rooms, and school children and
school ma’ams, and they will have a
glimpse at the interior of New England
homes and at American life. Forty Har-
vard students and Radcliffe girls will
try to teach them a little English,
and courses to be oonducted in Span-
ish have been arranged in  physicial
geography and American institutions and
the history of the Spanish Colonies in
America, Instruction has been provided
for, too, by special gifts, in botany and in
kindergarten methods. There will be
excursions, scientific and historical, and
lectures, and after Harvard has done what
it can, provision will be made for a trip
to Niagara and Chicago and Washington.
That serious direct results will be
obtained from forty days’ actual teaching,
no one expecta; the Object of the expe-
dition is much broader, and is to be at-

Igent Canadians of any party would | make pots and vases at Alfred University, | tained rather ‘‘by the cordial and prompt

&
y

demonstration;

 

| or anywhere else for the matter of that, is a | hospitality shown by the community,"

as Mr. ADAM puts it:

“ The effect on th: minds and hearts of the teachers
1s to be produced by the sight of our people and our
homes, and through personal acquaintance with our
modes of life and with the evidences of our civilize
Von, Th» result of the undertaking Should be to
plant in every Cuban village @ teacher @ho has seen
the best side of American life, and who has learned a
little about the organization of public lustruction in
the United States, and about the best methods of
teaching In language, history and natural history.”

Who has seen with his bodily eyes, that
is, that the great world has been moving
during the centuries that Spain has dozed
away, and that free Cuba cannot be a land
of ‘‘mahana.”’ Secretary ROOT says:

"L deliewe that this body of teachers going back
after their experiences here and scattering into + very
municipality in Cuba will carry back more of saving
race for peaceful and prosperous Cuba than the
whole power of the Government could accomplish tn
any other way."

It is eminently fitting that Harvard
should have stepped forward to perform a
patriotic, graceful and unselfish act, which
neither the Government nor any individua)
could have done so well.  Massacliusetts
has always fostered the university, but the
university also understands its full duty to
the State. No worihier representative of
America could have been selected lo wel-
come the teachers of Cuba to take thoir
share in American education and American
progress
John Wanamaker and the Men With

Affidavits.
Never was a gang of blackmiailers so cis-
persed, confounded and so put) to the
slaughter as was that which attempted to
put the screws on JOHN WANAMAKER
There remain of therm only the innocuous
and ludicrous fragments
JouN WANAMAKER has a

som tarned

sincerely | MARDEST HEAD IN THE WORLD.

petent to judge of them and most
interested in charitable work, the proceed-
{ngs at the charities conference have placed
the matter beyond dispute and are in every
Way gratifying to those cltizens who, if for no
other reason than that of ordinary self-reapect,
desire to see the Gerry society brought within
the pale of the law

With a loud kerplunk! the Indianapolia Sen-
tinel jnmpa into history:

“The inspiration of the imperiallsts comes from
MACHAVELL CASAR BORGIA, CORNWALLIS, TAL
LEYRAND Merrentixcn and all those who have
luseribed thelr names in blood upon the dark pages of
history."

If some kind hand will throw this sputtering |

Hoosier a biographical dictionary perhaps a
life dear to sclenoe may be saved But a
swimmer struggling with “MACHAVELE and
‘Mevren.inen,” let alone Bonata, CORNWAT.
LIS and ‘TALLEYRAND, is in a bad way

fhe Bele’an hare industry is growing 80 |

rapidly in California ihat the San Francisco
\rgonent views it vith alarm, It flourishes niso
in Colora ‘o, and the Nebraska State Journaling
forms ys that it reaches as far east as Missouri
Belcian hare fairs are held, wth large premiums
und great prices for the stock. Whlepric s are
hich the hare: are carefully guarded, but a9
prolifl isthe animal that priees are bound to
fallto the point where the owners of runiway
hares wouldn't take the trouble to reca: ture
them. Then trouble will be at hand.

New South Walos has spent millions of dollars
in keeping down the rabbit pest. Let America
beware the hare

eee er eC ES

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

The absence of any efiective resistance to
Lord Roberts's adyanee from the Zand to the
Valsch Reyer and the ease with whieh the lat-
ter has been crossed would seem to Indicate
that either the Boers had abandoned their

| original plinsor that the desc:ipti ns of ther

THoMasand it is Thomas's pleasure to cons |

duct a newspaper in Philadelphia catied the
North American. In this newspaper he hus
criticised with great freedom and apparent
justice the civie authorities, including the
Mayor of the city and certain of his closer
colleagues, These worthies sought fo puta
stop to THOMAS'S activities by demanding
that his father should
ternal authority and
American. The demand peremptory,
arrogant, insolent and imperative. JOHN
WANAMAKER'S reply was that the news-
paper belonged to his son and that his
alone controlled it and that he neither could
nor would interfere with its course

When the Mayor of
Philadelphia heard this and noted the in-

Interpose hiss pa

silence the North

Was

sony

emissaries of the

; clear the matter up

formidable preparati ns at Kroonstad had no
The next reports should
so far as ean be judged

foundation in faet.

from the reports issued by the War
OMee in London the — British advance
on the Valsch River «neountered no op-
povition worth speaking of and no

| tainly no one ever be
) had a

large body of Boers appears to have been met |

anywhere, so that the n

unobstructed) What the Boer plans for the

irch was practically ,

rest of the distance trom Kroonstad to the |
Vaal may be can only be anatter of conjecture,
but there seems ne probability that they will
make stand at anv pont in the interval
between By the occupation of Kroonstad
' the British obtain control of the railway
running = to Vierfoutein close fo. the
Vaal south of Klerkedorp, by whieh it,

 

) no better fn could be had than to

would be posible tos ond up troops and make @

| demonstration across the Vaal against the Boer
right from Klerksdorp and Potehefs!room. It
now depends on the rate at) which Lord
Roberts can bring up his supplies how soon |

dignation and resolution wich Winch it
was conveyed, they showed their hand
* Por eight months, Mr WaNaMAbEE, they
said, ‘we have been looking into your per |

sonal record from the time you were Post-
master-General We have followed you
throughout Washington, Philadelphia, New
York and even in Kurope, and we have

fortified ourselves with affidavits against
you. Now we propose to use them!”
We are forced to record the faet that

JouN WANAMAKER at this point betrayed
anything but a meek spin or demeanor
Ir is true that he did not draw a sun, or
raise a cliair, or make any plivaical
but in about a minute the
civie functionaries slunk out of Mr. Wan-
AMAKER 8 Office, utterly and hopelessly
demoralized, spiritually bruised) and bat-
tered beyond recognition and with their
faith in affidavits as expedients of coercion
wholly shattered, They recognized that
tons of aflidavits against JouUN WANAMAKLKE,

sort of

even were those aidayits Orr eieBror i OT I a

forged or fabricated, would avail nothing
to his injury. They saw that no one would
belicve them under oath or otherwise in
whatever they night aver against him and
that the man against Whom they had gone
forth with armor and weapons hed taken
both away from them and they, themselves,
were naked before the community

Tur SUN has had no reason to reproach
WANAMAKER for neighborly or
friendly leaning toward its interests, but
en such an occasion if cannot withhold its
trfoute of admiration for his manliness and
moral sturdiness,

JOWN

Where?

The St. Louis street car strike has reached

 

he can reach the Vaal, and as the weather is
cooler it ts more favorable for
of the British infant though the nights may
be trying

The column on its way to Mafeking should, if
itmeets with no opposition, be there in a few

  

the movements ,

| turning to the guilty vouth, said

Death of Abe Banter, Centenarian,
Head Made Him Famous.

From the Springfield Union
WILLIAMSTOWN, May 8, Abraham Parsons,
the farnous old negro, known throughout the
country a8 “Abe Bunter,” died at the town
poor house, four iniles south of here this After-
noon, He had been ill several weeks with
pneumonia, and for the last week had been
apparently dying every minute. He clung
to life with a persistence that was sustained
by a tremendously strong constitution, sur
prising the physiciana in attendance
“Abo Bunter,” as he was more commonly
called, had long been a character of note in the
colloge town, Tern of humble, and probably
slave parents, for nothing of his ancestry is
known, be suddenly came into great promi-
nence by the wonderfully developed head
which the carried on his shoulders. It) was
the development of the outer part of the old
negro’s head, rather than that of the inner, that
brought the dary into the ranks of famous

men, and made the name of Abe Bunter known
all through the State, and for half a century ho
has enjoyed the undisputed honor and distine-
tion of being the hardest-headed man in the
Bay State He had a head that could have
competed suecessiuily with a stone erusher
if it had been applied to that Line of work, and
it will never be known what would have been
the limit of his aecormplishments had he en-
wamwed himself absolutely in the vecation tor
whieh his head was seemingly intended. The
only known instrument that ever made any
impression upon his head was the sharp edge
of an axe. That weapon in the hands of 4
mighty and angered son, gave proof that ul
waa 4 jiitle too hard for the old negro’s pate,
for in a family row, in wpich the son and father
became involved, Abe Was laid low. He re-
covered quickly, however, and his only ad-
Monition to the son was that he ought to be
careful lest ome one should be hurt,

It was not the whole of Uncle Abe's head
that was so hard, but simply a knob or bunch
about the size of the half of a hard-shelled
clam It rose on the front part of his head,
exactly in the posiiion to make it possible for
hin) te bunt to the best advantage, and forAbe
it made aliving, such as it was. The old negro
hecame cognizant early in life of the value of
the hardness of his head, and his aceomplish-
menta with it, according to his own. stories,
vere exceeded only ty his Inaginative powers
‘there was nothing too hard in Abe's way o
thinking for that head to break, and from all re-
ports, none of which haa ever been contra-
dicted, the old man thought about right. Cer
came convinced that be
head sufficiently harder to. challenge
Abe to @ bunting match, though Abe was al-
ways ansjour to find such a man

Kitehen dances and cider-drunk parties
were common in those days, and at one of
these revelries, held in White Oaks, Abe was
invited to furnish the amusement for the ccca-
sion. Abe possessed on ancient violin, which,
when in motion, sounded like the bellowing of a
cow in distress, and he was very handy on his
feet He went prepared to #ive one of his
“break-down” entertainments, for which he
was farnous in those days, and to “fiddle™ tor
the dance. Isut a much easier task had been
assigned him, and nene was more pleased than
he. The stories of the wonderfully hard head
on the shoulders of the old negro were then the
souree of much amazement, and the festive
vouths who arranred the party, decided that
ound the
hardness of the old negro’s head, and by iteor-
ing him detract from the fame whien was
then becoming widespread, ‘To rake a long
story short, Abe's part of the programme wos
to stand perfectly still, while the men present
engaged themselves in spiittir twoeineh
planks over his head. This was fun for Abe
and he stood the onslaught with littl: eoncern,
until one youth, incited by an over-induleence
in the fermented juice of the apple, struck
him with the edge of a plank and laid hii low
Abe jumped buck ‘pon his feet instantly, and
“Look heh,
young man, yo’ can hit me all yo’ want wid
de fiat side, but if ve’ take that corna agin

 

 

  

  

} Dll nut dis yere head right thro’ dat pesky body

days, andthe relief! of the blockuded garrson
will be effeeted to the satisfaction of ‘heir
friends t so feeble a fores should have
hel@ out so long was entirely due to the une |

Willingness of the Boers to sacrifice their men
in an assault, so that it became simply a ques.
Uon of the supnly of provisions and the limit of
endurasee of the defenders and population
Lord Roverts’s late-( despateh describing

 

Hise
the Transvaalers and Free Staters have finally
separated, and tha! the former have gone
north to defend theirown territory, while the
latter with President Steyn remain to continue
what is now, 80 far as the Free State is con-
cerned, almost a hopeless struggle. There is
still, however, « considerabie area of the State

in the into ahi Squshldigy
penetrarec if

hold together for a
Pree Staters may still aid the
Transvaal by threatening the rear and com-

cations of the British) Tindley, the new

northeast,

they are able to

time, the

capital, i
Bethlehem and forty-five east from Kroonstad,

of yo's” e

Another instance which gave Abe great de-
light to have mentioned in lis presence was
the tale of his smachine ina door at a tre

| The door had withstood all attempts to force

niry into Krooustad would go to show that

about thirty-five miles northwest of |

and at the junetion of the road to Heilbron |
toward the Vaal. The arrangement to sepa-
rate, whether due to troubles between the

| authorities of the two republics or for military
reasons, explains the retirement — federal ,
h

troops fromthe Zand River, andt

ment of the defence of Kroonstad, The situa-

| tlon east of Thaba N'Chu has not materially

| changed and

there ts no authentic news of

; Movementsin Natal

' Bavarian

the second stage on the road to failure
| The first was when the strikers, seeing men ,
| ready to take the jobs that they had

| abandoned,
| with

It counts with reason on the !

many of the householders of Cambridge will |

undertook to drive them off
violence, The second was when, the
cars having begun to move under the pro-
tection of police, the lawbreakers’ accom-
plice in the Legislature moved to cance| the
franchise of the street railway companies
That is an old trick

With the strikers tying up the lines so
that they cannot run and their friends in
the Legislature trying to compel the com-
panies to surrender by threatening to abol-
ish their charter because they fail to run,
the situation is made so clear in respect to
the abuse visited on the street car compa-
nies and the public that no impartial

intelligence can fail to understand it and

condemn it

Where is the trade union that will de-
nounce the outrages perpetrated and the
trick attempted in St

of organized labor? We regret to say,
nowhere
According to the Hon. Dave Overmyer,

“ perhaps the best-known Democrat in Kansas,’
“given a free ballot and a far count, two-thirds
of the voters of the United States would regis-
ter themscives against McKINLEY and imperi-
alism."' Presumably Mr. OvVerMYER’a notion
ofa free ballot and a fair count is that of the
Kentucky Democrats We quote frombhimnoniy
because he isa fair specimen of the judicious
and thoughtful Brvanite leader,

Fifty miles an hour seema to be the rate at
which Comptroller CoLer, elected, by the way,
on the Bryon platform, is rushing toward so-
cialism pure and sfmple Boiling under the ex-
actions of the Ice Trust, be proposes that the
city should make its own ice. Ice is a necessity,
in his view, and the city should be made able
if it is not able, to make Its necessities

The luxuries of to-day ara the necessities of
to-morrow. Not many hundred vears ago the
contemporary Four Hundred had no glass in
their windows; but now the landlord that would
leave out glass would be doomed to a dun-
geon. Milk, meat, potatoes, flour, butter,
sugar and shoes, not to mention cloth, are
more necessary by common consent, even here-
abouts, than ice In the hottest countries ice is
not used at all

After ice gaing the title of “necessity,” the
next candidate would be ica cream, Would
Comptroller CoLeR go that far?

The anomalous position of the Gerry society
in being excepted from inspection by State
officers that other similar organizations are
subject to received merited rebuke at the in-
formal conference on city charities of repre-
sentatives of all the sectarian and non-sectarian
societies at the United Charities Building on
Thursday. Not a dissenting voice was raised
against the verdict of condemnation pro-
nounced against the Gerry soviety by all the
epeakers

While there has hitherto been very little
doubt as to the opinion entertained of the
Gerry society's methods by those most com-

Louis in the name |

New Army Beef.

Here is a case of embalmed beef about which
there can be no doubt whatever, During the
entire month of April the soidiers of the Tenth
Brigade infantry stationed at
Metz were put upon a diet of fresh meat pre-
served according to an entirely new method
The result of the experiment was perfectly

satisfactory. The meat kept its flavor and
freshness and the soldiers were delighted
with it

The discovery is, for the present, the secret

of the German chemist
method of treatment is claimed by himself
to be extremely simple. Moreover, the meat
instead of being canned is glared in wooden
boxes, At the general manq@uvres next autumn
the Virst Bay arian army corps will be supplied
with Prof, Emmerich’s meat. and, if it proves
1) be delicious, the entire German army will
be supplied with it

Tt ts hardly necessary

une

Fmmerich, and his

to call attention to

 

th
from a military point of view, if it should turn
ont to be all that the professor clauns for it

Roof Gardens on Charches.
Irom the Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune
Pancersnina, W. Va., May 9. Mayor Cald-
well of Columbus, Ind, in an interview here on
Monday, stated that at his suggestion a con-

| gregation in his town was about to build a roof

Ceres restr eEEREERNENNeneneemmNe

garden upon its church Yesterday e

the Rev. OG. White, pastor of the Chratinn
Chureh, announced that the new structure, to
be immediately erected by his congregation
would adopt the same plan and that a roof
garden for summer services and other religious
gatherings would be laid ont along the lines
sugested by the Hoosier Mavor

‘The Happlest Person,"’

To THe FEprror or Tie SUN—Sirs What's
the matter with the young, unmarried New York man
of say 25 or 30, holding a good position in the
mitropolis, with plenty of spending money, not
standing a ehance inthe eategory of “the happlest
person’

With no family cares, a wood elub, plenty of nice
giis who are glad to weleome him, the opera, the
choice of a dozen good plays at the theatre, the coil
Jon, or the quict eventog with the book -dovsa’t he
stand a living ehance with the girl of sweet sixteen?

BROOKLYN, May 12 Pr. Wintis

TO THE EDITOR OF THR SUN—Sir | have read
with much interest the various letters that have AD-
pearedin THE SUN regarding the happiest time of

human itfe The late Owen Meredith, I believe
wrote A young man married is a man that's
marred.”

It has always occurred to me thata young man,
Say under 25 years of age, who marries a woman,
congenial and compantonadle, before the tribulations
of life begin to wear upon him, ts the happlest of all
beings, Ifsueha man has found the right woman—
and they are found, the records of the divorce courts
tothe contrary notwithstanding, then there is bliss
and felicity, It may not be understood at the time
but time and expertence will bring the knowledge—
Just es time and experience bring realization of
the sorrows of the world LA. B

ALBANY, May 11.

 

McKinley and Wheeler,

To THR Entrok or TH SUN=S##: In your
issue of Tuesday I note the suggestion of a forty-year
Republican of the eyclone Ucket, MoKinley and
Wheeler, Asa Republican of forty-four years’ stand
ing I mostemphatically tndorse it. 1 bellewe tt will
swrep the voles like a Western cyclone.“and puta
Hiting close to the glories of the nineteenth century.
Por forty four years no one bearing our name has
swerved from the party, a proof sufficient of our sin

arity J.B. K,
Sy. Louis, May 10

|
abandon- |

|

itopen, when Abe happened on the scene. With
the strength of a Hercules and the ram's meee
of attack, he heroieelly went at the door, which
after two or three Giucks wave way
cheering of a large crowd. The breaking of a
grindstone which had been substituted for
a cheese in a bag by Williams students without
the knowledge of the old negro is another
worn-out story, but one that was always new
te Abe. He was always a great favorite with
Williams men, and tew there were whe cradu-
ated trom the Rerkshire college who did rot
become acquainted with Unele Abe during
their college course, Until a few years ago he
spent much of his time about the collece and
enioved the extremely diffleult tests to whicl
his head was subjected by the students The
grindstone incident was thorovghly pleasing to
him. and he always boasted of it. The agree.
ment was that he should have the cheese if le
broke jit. The trick might have killed a man
with an ordinary skull. but it had no effeet upon
the hard bead of old Abe. Other exploits, when
Abe battled to victory with rams and bulis,
attacking and conquering them in thelr own
mode of flehting and on their own ground,
were told by Abe with a confidence that every
word he said Was believed, and any evidence
of doubt on the part of his audience aroused a
feeling of anger beneath that dusky skin as
nothing else would do

His exact age is not known, but every one
spoke of Abe as being acentenarian. Heclained
to be 107 years old and said that he could y reve
it by his “massa’s books’ These were never
placed on record, however, He arrived in Wil-
liarnstown about a half century ago, and soon
after ‘Nis arrival became acquainted with,
courted and wedded Elsie, who has been his

:

——_—$—$—$<_$—$—_—$_——$__—— $$$

anid the ,

THE BOER D

 

ATION,

the

Goldwin Smith on Future of the
Boer Coantrs
Totnge Eprror or Tue Sux -Siv tt iy, t

Nkely that the Boer delegation will indies youp
Government to depart from the neutraitey
which the Gevernment hag hitherto observe L
Butit may unoMeily perhaps from your
Governime’.t, or atall events from the eueral
friends of the cause, receive sued independons
advice as may help to put anend to the ogee
nage and havoc of a heroic, but now evidens ,
hope'ess, war

Itinay be wellto call attention tothe ¢ lob
that as soon as hostilities cease and the quae
tion of resettlement cones on, the Boers jay
look, whenever they have righton thered.
for the active afvocacy of the Liberal party ‘
England, which is certainly strong enough te
putavetoon anything like a poley of
eance

The Liberal party, though
Parliament, is still

Verne

disorganized A
powerful ino the |

intry
It bas carried the Portsmouth elec gon,
though Poriwsmouth is a military yy fy
Tam assured by friends in Buglind, whose
evidence IT can thoroughly trust, and ong
of whom is an Imperialist, that the for a
against the waris more extensive than the pros
and platform would lead you to suppose is

 

war meetings have been broken up ty they
lence of the war party, which, in striving 9
extend the unity of the Riunpire, bres he
bonds of citizenship at home

The flereeness of tho war party fieelf «
abate as soon as the war ik over, Excitene:,
has been greatly increased by the near view of
the battlefleld whieh the telegraph has from day
today given the people. With the fighting the
pressure of the excitement on the councils of
the nation will cease

That the war party will give up annexar, %
the prize for whichit ali along has been fight.
ing, and restore the independence of the twa
republics, is more than we can venture to ex.
pect. Short of this, I believe, there is a fap
prospect of atolerable and not ungeneroug
settlement,

Great Britain cannot afford forever to ineine
tainan army of repression in South Africa, Nog
can she afford to run the perpetual risk of ree
bellion whenever she may be in diMoutries alga.
where. South Africa willbeleft again to the
play of its own political forces; and much may
then be regained atthe polls which has beeg
lost in the war GOLDWIN SMitH,

TORONTO, May 11

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.

 

A Discipte’s Refusal to Furnish Proof Accor&
ing to Promise,

To THE EpIToR OF THE SuN —Sir: Omitting
only a reference to a third person, not germane
to the points involved, I herewith submit to voy
to be published, if you see fit, the entire corre
spondence between Mr. Willard 8 Mattox and
myself growing out of the former's offerin Tug
Sun to refer me to a@ person alleged to have
been cured of traumatic injuries by Christian
Science alone

The gist of these letters {s that Mr. Mattos
has not adhered tothe terms of his offer ond,
although that offer and its statement were pube

  

licly made, hos refused absolutely to permit an
investigation to be conducted except under hia
own conditions and to allow the resultsof aov
investigation to be made public. Hein terine
defines the attitude of the apostles of Chrietiin
! Science to be that of attorneys defending 4

eause by technical methods and thus adnvra
that they are not seeking to disclose selentifia
tritl

Althourh Mr Mattox initiated ovr Ore
respondence by offering to answer rtain
questic edulously evaced by Mr. Carel Nore
ton, he has himself evaded certain other quese
tions contained in this correspondence “v
them the tollowing

hirst=If there is no pain, why did Mrs. bude
ask Dr. Fletchor of 77 North Main stre t, Cou
cord, N H,to arnly a local armsthetic when
extracting her tooth?

Second» Why does Mrs Eddv'’s church
manual require her teachers of chstetries to
have the degree of doctors of medicine? Tf, as

life partner and who survives to mourn his |

death. With the exception of occasional up-
risings, when the furniture flew like kindling
wood and the life of both was in immediate
danger. their life has been one sweet seng.
Their abode was a little log cabin. which stood
beneath a hill in White Oaks. With an ancient,
half-starved resemblance of a horse, six or
seven cats and twice as many dows, and perhaps

one or two chickens, Abe ond Fisie spent their |

time in contentment and hapriness, until one
day amember of the board of selectrmen drove

' to the door and informed the old couple that
ae been decided best to take them to the |
Tm farm. A hard blow it was for Abe and Flasie, |

~endvantiaes of the thing, especially |

 

but they could do nothing but obey, and they
became installed at the town farm, which
proved to be a home fit for a queen. It was
there that Abe breathed his last

 

Why Mr. Schiff Opposes the de Hirsch

Monument,

To THE Fniton or Tak SuN Sir My at-
tention has bean called to a pamphlet appeal,
issued over the names of a number of promi-
nent people, asking for contributions toward»
fund with which to erect a monument to the
late Baron and Baroness de Hirse li, and T have
been repeatedly asked for the reasons which

ive the study of anatomy and phvsioloes

shew:
o° husbandman of disease, why exact suca
misvandry in

tetrical case?
Third— Why «the C/)riatian Sctence.l 7]
preserved upon the third pore of its © ver ,

to and ineliding the issue o, Mareh, 100, ope

     

 

 

 

tifleate give: 1892 by Gen. Fr mwN Pates
of bis marvellous restoration to bealth by reads
ing Mrs. Fddy's book, althong ) Gen. Bate 4
long been dead? Why was this advertisement

 

suppressed in April last?

Fourth Will Mr Mattox, Judge Ewing or anv
other Christion Scientist repeat the experin .
that Mre bddy save that she tried to test he ime
munity of Christian Scientists to dondly thine ®
In other words, will any of them Cemonstrate
by aetual experiment their teaching, that
Christian Scientists are immune to the effets of
poisen?

Judge Ewing, the ablest of all Mrs Bddy «
lecturers, is to make an address in’ Brow lyn
Sunday next Perhens he will arsverticse
questions and also that putto him by Mr Cole

brook, Whe, ff Christian Selenee eures hinds

ness, does he wear spectacles?

New Yori, May HA. Periixatos
The correspondences submitted bears ont
fully Mr Purrington's assertion tha: Mr.

Mattox declined to have the vestigation ? a
except under bis own conditions, anditho'|@
the results to be made pub

Tall and Short Soldiers
From the Army and Mary Journal
Recruits forthe British artillery are now pet
mitted to be two inches shorter than hefore '.@

refused to alion

war, but the candidates for the line and tur!) 4
Army Service Corps yet a remission of ony
| @ half inch The Civil and Military Gere of
India protests against the exclusion from the

/ out. are shorter than the Ghoorkas or ts

| who insist

have prompted me to keep aloof from this ; th
| fondof citing the case of the bluelacket, who,

movement

Some months agol was approached by a
gentleman, then unknown tome, to become a
member of a committee having for its purpose

the initiation of the movement referred
Knowing from my many vears’ official connec-
tion with, and labors in behalf of, the Hirseh
foundations, and from my personal acquintance
with the lamented Baron and Baroness de
Hirsch, considerable of the intentions, Inbors
and wishes of these great philanthropists, ldo
not hesitate to aay that nothing sould kave been

this city -

further from their desires than that the aspi- |

rations of their noble lives should become
perpetuated through a monument in stone
and iron, Indeed, it was the last request of
the Baroness de Hirseh that no addresses
nor eujogies be pronounced over her grave
The noble woman no doubt felt that, if the
ideas and endeavors which she and the Baron
had embodied permanently inte the princely
foundations the world over which they had in-
stituted, could not secure honor and perma-

neney to their memory, no words or moniinents |

could or should do this. Imagine, then, my
surprise and indignation when, upon investiga-
tion of the origin of the movement to which I
had been asked to lend the support of
naine, | discovered that it had been plainly con
ceived In an endeavor to push to the front the

ork of, and assure a commission for its execu-
tion to, a predestgnated artist

The model for the proposed monument, so
farasl have been able to ascertain, had been
completed before the committee was even
formed, and it needs little evidence to establish
the fact that most of the members of the come

my |

mittee were led into it by methods which did |

hot originate ina ponular demand for a monu-
menttothe great philanthropists, whose last-
ing monument already e ists, where prejudice
needs to be dispelled and misery to be eradi-
ented

Lhe movement to erect this monument is
nothing but a promotion acheme, pure and
simple, to which a number of well-meaning and
Prominent people huve heen led to lend their
ames, and its encouragement does not mean
additional honor to the memory of the wreat
philanthropists who have already set them-
selves more enduring monuments than ean be
made of stone and iron Jacon bh Scuirr

New You May 12

Too Hard a Job of Dodging.

From the Columbua Dispatch

Bucyrus, Ohio, May 9 Charles Delanbaughb.
@iving Dayton as his home, was fatally injured
this morn ng ina premature explosion at the
Broke sword stone company quarry

unusual proportion. The fuse ha be
jenited, and themen hadstarted for Shon ‘ot
safety, Delanbaughsaw alarce piece of rock
coming toward him and jumped aside. but the
atone split in two pieces, the larger one of
wore ewruek nme op the shoulder, completely

sbing the ou r bia

Saree. fe and injuring him

 

He was
employed with other men in making a blast

ris
ef
thanthe Highlanders, vet it save that out of
these two comes some of the beat fend
material that the British Pmpire can products
“li we exclude fromthe Arn," it der ‘
“men buit on the short Ghoorka pattern, |
would be cuite as reasomadle to keep out the
tall Highlander.”

There are many close students of piysiolore¥
that short men areon the whoa
their tall brethren. Such ur@

British Army of short men. Few men, itp

 

 

stronger than

as the rule of height fs not so strict in the Nav?
as in the Army, is often comparatively short
yet jt would be a rash person indeed who sho id
consider the jack tars weaklings

Buarted With 6500 In His Pocket.

From the Two Republica

It is not often that aman is buried with $9
in his pockets. His relatives generally look '9
that. But such a case has actually happened ia

A few days ago Don Sabino Truii'lo died a) a
was buried in Dolores on Monday lat Al’ ™
the funeral the niece of the deceased informs |
the relatives of the dead manthat he hadat'

 

time of hia death the sum of $500 1 one 4
pockets; for he was buried in his ocd

clothes. She had seen bim pay the doc! ‘
short time before his death, some money andl

put the remainder, $500 in his breast por

As no one had thought of looking { .
money, and as the voung lady was pre

with grief at the death of her uncle and !
not remember anything about the matt

after the funeral, the money was buried \. a

the corpse

Temporary Heterophemy.
Krom the Chiengo Tribune
“What is your ocenpation?
trate, entering the name of
the docket asa “plan drunk
“ln a cammonsanner, replied the inebriaty

nahied the Magite
John Georgeson of
»

whose nerves were still somewhat shak

“A what?”

. aminer:annon, y'r Honor

“That's something never heard of before,”
the Masistrate said

"Tdidn't get ‘trighty'r Honor, (I'm a °
mersannon, No, thatain’t right, either |

asanmer
Where is
Court
“Oregon.”
“Then you are asalmoneanner, ares<
( Thasaright, y'r Honor You've saved iu
life!"

your home?" interrnpred @

sore

Pazzling Discrimination

Prom the Chicago Tribune

“Whatis your name?’ asked the policem
drawn to the seene by the crowd of loater it
had assembled

“tt doesnt make any diflerenoe what
name is," sulkily replied the manin the i
automobile "Phevast time J is Alona ‘
way Ilwax ina buew M: horse { r
two whole hours, and [wasn't asked to give 4a

account of myself”

Delicate Sense of Taste.

from the Kansas City Journai
It is stated by a Cawker City paner that @
man up there took a drink of earbolic acid !
knew very soon that he had got hold of (ue
Wroag bute * - st

\ 7 +