Pe a
we et

lll
VOL, LXXVI.—NO. 228.
SULTAN RULES, CITY CALM

 

‘
Paroar, Arnry 16, 1900.-

Fair to-day; increasing cloudiness Satu :
" light variable winds. mays

   

APRIL 16, PRICE TWO OE

FRIDAY, oe
wowEN stemet_cLeANens /pROR FI, TUFTS KILLED

1909.—conyrtons, 1900, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

    

     

      
 

    

 

 

 

et

DIRECT NOMINATIONS DE

SCHEME FOR EXTRA SESSION

   

Thovements among the Albanians and _ ISVOLSKY OUT.

Macedonians, as well as among the
Servians in Novibazar, added to the
uneasiness here, are creating in some

 

TAFT TAKES YALE 09 AN IVY| "OME¥ sreaer_cueavens

    

 
  
 

Czar Accepts His Resignation and Ap-
Points Ex-Premier Coremykin.

 

 

in Washington.

  

 
 

 

 

 

 

TROOPS ORDERED TO REOCCUPY

THE PALACE BARRACKS. quarters the expectation that Austria

will become militarily engaged before
the trouble is settled.

Lonpon. April 16.—The Timer Constaa-
tinople correspondence gives the follow-
ing authorized summary of the pro-
gramme of the new Turkish Government:

Power of Young Turks Vanishes in Capital
bat Army in Provinces Is Reported to
Be Against New Regime— Abdul, It Is |

 
 

  

Declared, Organized Monday's Coup. |

Spectal Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

CONSTANTINOPLE, April 15. — Every-
thing is outwardly calm to-night. Condi-
‘tions are normal everywhere in the city.
It is a period of awaiting developments. @

The Sultan's control of the army seems,
at any rate for the time being, to he
absolute. He has ordered the troops
formerly constituting the garrison at
the Yildiz Kiosk, who were withdrawn
recently by the former Government, to
return and reoccupy the barracks around
the palace. He has also sent orders to the
Provinces that all the battalions sent
thither by the Committee of Union and
Progress are to return to the capital
forthwith.

The committee's power here has van-
ished. None of its leaders shows his face.
It is rumored that Ahmed Riza and some
other of the more important members of
the committee have sailed from Constan-
tinople on the yacht Cohuna, belonging
to Prince Aziz, an Egyptian.

How far the committee retains its
influence in the provinces remains to be
geen. There is considerable anxiety in
Official quarters here on this point. It is
Yariously reported that the Second Army
Corps, with headquarters at Adrianople,
adheres to the committee and opposes
the new régime, but all available accounts
@oncur in stating that the members of
the committee at Salonica control the
Third Army Corps and have telegraphed
to the capital demanding the restoration
of the Young Turk Government, adding,
it is said, a threat to lead the Third Corps
egainst Constantinople if the demand is
not conceded. Reports, however, from
@ources which represent the Adrianople
Gorps as opposed to the committee say
that the Third Corps is yet unaware of the
facts of the situation and is unlikely to
move when it learns that the Constitution
is safe.

The Sultan gave to-day an audience
to Ismail Kemal, whom the mutineers
demanded be made President of the
Chamber of Deputies, the audience being
given in recognition of his appointment
to that office. It is doubtful, however,
whether Parliament will accept him.

Tne Chamber held a secret session
to-day and decided to accept the resigna-
tion of the Cabinet and to grant amnesty,
and in a subsequent public sitting dis-
cussed the election of a new President.
In acoordance with the rules of the House
the Deputies have to choose three names
for submission to the Sultan and slips
of paper were distributed for the purpose |
of recording the votes. The result is
unknown, but it is reported to-night that
there is an irreconcilable division of opin- |
ion, Ismail Kemal being third on the list.

Ths only disturbing incident to-day
occurréd at Galata, where marines seized
Azvif Bay, commander of the orniser
Asear: Tewfik and a member of the com-
n.ittee. They had learned that ir the up-
rising he had ordered the cruiser’s guns
trained on the Yildiz Kiosk with the in-
tention of supporting the Government.
Having been cavdtured, he was bound and
his captors proceeded to punish him.

The reports differ as to his fate. One
says h* was taken fo the palace and there
lynched, notwithstanding the efforts of
the palace guard to save him. Another
represents him as being buffeted and
beaten and then allowed to go. Still
another rumor says he was taken to the
Ministry of Marine.

Nazim Pasha, formerly Minister of War
and before that commander of the Second
Army Corps, stationed at Adrianople, has
been made commander of the First Army
Corps. Nazim Pasha is very popular with |
the army. |
® One of Nazim Pasha's first acts after,
his appointment to the command ot!
the Firet Army Corps was to release |
all the committee officers who were im-
prisoned on Tuesday. He bade them
réturn to their homes and issued strict
orders that they were not to be molested.

An imperial irade has been issued
threatening soldiers who discharge fire-
arms in the streets with severe punish-
ment. It points out that the amnesty
granted only guarantees soldiers ex-
emption from punishment for acts com-
Mitted two days before its publication.

The salient features of the present epi-
eode have been the loyalty of the troops
to the Sultan, whose name they fre-
quently cheered with enthusiasm, and the
complete absence of attacks on the lives
or property of ordinary citizens.

Beruin, April 15.—The Constantinople
correspondent of the Lokalanzeiger says
it is certain that the Sultan organized
the coup of Monday. Mahmud Muktar
Pasha, who declared that he could make
short work of the mutineers if he hada
free hand, was denounced to ths muti-
nous soldiers and made prisoner by
them.

The Constantinople correspondent of
the Tageblatt states that twenty-five
Liberal members of the Chamber have
demanded that a regular sitting of the
House be held and that all members be
guaranteed against interference. Other-
wise, they say, they will issue a manifesto
protesting against coercion of the Chamber
and exhorting the people to rise in defercve
of the constitution.

Vienna, April 15.—A most serious view
of the situation at Constantinople is taken
here, and civil war is regarded as a very |
probable outcome. This opinion neers |
to be mainly based on a statement by |
Haaki Bey, the Turkish military attaché |
here, to the Neue Freie Presse.

Haaki Bey was joined here to-day by
Enver Bey, Turkish attaché at Berlin, and
by two officers who took a prominent}
part in the Young Turk revolution of |
July, 1908. They left together for Salon- |
ika. Haaki Bey is quoted as saying that |
the Young Turks are in no wiss van-|
quished, and that a great majority of the |
officers and the two army corps at Salon- |
ika and Adrianople were on their side.

The officerless troops at the capital!
would soon be overwhelmed by those |
faithful and disciplined battalions. There!
would probably be a violent collision |
but no regular civil war. |

Reports of great unrest and warlike

 

4

oe .

“The new Cahinet will follow the polit-
ical programme of its predecessor both
in regard to foreign relations and do-

inestic affairs. This programme resolves

itself into the following heads:

“First, assurance of the maintenance

of progress, the development of the con-
stitutional institutions of the empire
and of peace and order in ita territories;
second, the repression of all disorder
by a strict enforcement of the laws, and

third, the submission to Parliament of the

measures necessary for the rehabilitation
of the financea and the various depart-
ments of the administration.

“It will be the object of the Cabinet
to maintain, as heretofore, relations with
the Powers based on an entente cordiale,
of which the imperial Government is
happy to be one of the Pacific factors.”

Paris, April 15.—A despatch from
Toulon says that the cruisers Victor
Hugo and Jules Michelet have been
ordered to be ready to sail at a moment's
notice for Constantinople.

GUESS AT LUCANIA SUICIDES.

Two Men With Missing Women to Account
for Call at Cunard Office.

There were two inquirers yeeterday at
the office of the Cunard Line in State street,
each of whom apparently believed that
he knew one of the two women who had
committed suicide aboard the steamship
Lucania at séa on her last eastbound trip.
The inquirers are men. One, who is mid-
dle aged, said he suspected that the elder
of the women, who shot herself and who
gave the name of Margaret Clarke, was
his wife, from whom he had been sep-
arated about six months. The other
was a younger man, who aaid he feared
that the younger woman was his sister.
She had disagreed with her hushand and

had disappeared on Wednesday morning, |

April 7, the day the Lucania sailed. The
two men asked the Cunard office not to
make their names public, as there was a
possibility that the women might nat be
the missing ones. The impression at the
Cunard office is that the men knew more
than they were willing to tell.

There is a probability that the mystery
will be explained when the New York
office of the line receives, maybe by the
steamship Carmania, which sailed on
Wednesday from Queenstown, letters
from the Liverpool office of the line in
regard to the case. The belief of the
line's officials is that the meeting betweén
the two women on shipboard was ac-
cidenta] and that they had not known
each other before the younger one found
herself assigned to the room with the
other. She did not ask * for any par-
ticular room when she engaged passage
on the Cunard pier. That is why the
officials of the line think the meeting
was ‘not prearranged. When the pair

|found that they had domestic troubles

of a similar naturé and that each had
brought a revolver aboard they may
have planned to kill themselves simul-
taneously. The younger one did not
have the nerve to do so immediately
after the death of the elder, but finally
mustered enough to shoot herself four
days later.

ARRESTED FOR $25,000 THEFT.

Addison S. Beardsley Aocensed by Leonard
J. Carpenter & Co,

Addison S. Beardsley of 298 Stuyvesant
avenue, Brooklyn, was locked up at Police
Headquarters last night charged with
falsifying the books of Leonard J. Car-
penter & Co. of 25 Liberty street to
the amount of $25,000.

Beardsley was formerly confidential
man and cashier for the Carpenter com-
pany and worked for them for thirteen
years. Some time ago on an examina-
tion of the books Charles L. Carpenter,
one of the firm, discovered a shortage
of $5,000. After a further examination
Beardsley was discharged and expert ac-
countants were called in. They reported
a shortage of about $25,000 and Mr. Car-
penter put the case in the hands of the
District Attorney. Detectives Floodjand
Fitzsimmons followed Beardsley and a
woman to the baseball game at the Polo
Grounds yesterday, and after the game
told Beardsley he was wanted for grand
larceny.

“Well, I guess I can’t dodge it,”"he
said. “I am guilty and that's all there
is to it.” ;

At Headquarters Beardsley admitted
hia guilt again to Lieut. Funston. He
said that he had spent most of the money
on stocks and on horseracing.

Beardsley lived with hia father and
mother in Brooklyn. He is married,
but. has been separated for some time
from his wife.

FINES FOR WHITRIDGE’S ROAD.

 

Public Service Wants $75,000 for His
Haste With Fort George Loop.

The Public Service Commission has be-
gun proceedings in the Supréme Court
against the Third Avenue Railroad Com-
pany to collect a penalty of $75,000 in the
case of the Fort George loop. Frederick
W. Whitridgé, receiver of the road, was
served with the papers yesterday.

Nr. Whitridge applied for permission
to build a loop at Fort George to avoid
the congestion caused by the dead end
into which his cars ran there, and finally
being in a greater hurry than the com-
mission was went ahead with the work
without the approval by the commission
of the franchise which he had obtained
from the Board of Estimate. The com-
mission's inspectors discovered the work
after a while and ordered construction
stopped. The franchise was approved
later, but the commission noW sues to
collect $5,000 a day for fifteen days as a
penalty for the work done while it was
meditating.

FIRE IN GOLDFIELD.
Four Bulldings In Main Street Burned
~-Loss $100,000.

SAN FRANCISCO, April 15.—A report was

received here at 8 o'clock that a fire was
raging in Goldfleid, Nev., which thre §-

 

/ ened to sweep the business district.

The Western Union office emp.oyees
sent out warning that they were moving
out.

A later message said that the fire waa
confined to four buildings in Main street
between Ramsay and Hall streets, an
that the loss would be $100,000.

FROM THE WHITE HOUSE TO
PLANT AT COMMENCEMENT.

Crowd Waits for Him at Night.at the Em-
Mre Theatre and Receives Him With
a Whoop—He Caught the Late Train
for Washington, Leaving Mrs. Taft.

When President Taft and Mrs. Taft
came out last night of the Empire Theatre,
where they had seen Maude Adama in
“What Every Woman Knows,” they
were confronted by a crowd that filled
Broadway for almost a block on each
side of the theatre. It was the biggest
“impromptu gathering” that the Ten-
derloin bas had in some time, and nobody
was more surprised than Inspector Mc-
Clusky and his men.

The police and the management of the
theatre had not told what show the Presi-
dent and Mrs. Taft were to attend, but a
few persons saw them going into the
Empire, and it wasn’t many minutes
before it was all over the district. It
was a good natured crowd, that laughed
when the police pushed it. Consequently
the bluecoats had a good big space cleared
in front of the theatre. It was just as
if the President and Mrs. Taft had stepped
out on a great big platform.

The crowd let out a whoop that must
have startled the cab horses. The Presi-
dent acknowledged it by lifting his hat,
and Mrs. Taft bowed. They parted in
front of the theatre, the President to go
to Washington on the 12:30 train and Mrs.
Taft to return to the home of Henry W.
Taft for the night. As the President
said good-by to Mrs. Taft and handed
her into her automobile the crowd cheered
again.

The President and Mrs. Taft were the
gueste of the Henry W. Tafts at the show.
In the box with ‘he Tafts were Miss Mabel
Boardman of Washington and Capt.
Archibald Butt, the President’s military
aide. Both the President and Mrs. Taft
were greatly pleased with the perform-
ance.

The police held the audience back at
the Empire Theatre just as they did on
the night before at Daly’s until the Presi-
dent and Mrs. Taft were out. The ar-
rangement worked well again, and New
Yorkers may consider it a fixed custom
now whenever the President comes to
New York to see a show.

The Taft automohile on the run to the
Twenty-third street ferry was preceded
by a machine of the Police Department,
flanked by half a dozen bicycle cops and
trailed by a car full of secret aeayice men.
The procession of autos and bicycles at-
tracted a lot of attention. At Twenty-
fifth street and Eleventh avenue the ma-
chines were held up for a few minutes by a
freight train.

The Presicient probably will noi leave
Washington again now until he starts
for Beverly, Mass., on his summer vaca-
tion,

When the President started for New
Haven in the morning the usual automo-
bile full of secret service men followed him
to the Grand Central. At the station
nobody got within speaking distance of
him because Capt. Lantry’s policemen
took up allthe room. There were a dozen
or two of them, and when they fell in line
with the seoret service men, the plain
olothes men and the ordinary Taft camp
followers the procession looked like a
small sized army on the move.

The President and his military aide
occupied the private’ car Magnet. A
crowd was at the station when the train
pulled into New Haven at 11:10 o’clook.
Anson Phelps Stokes, secretary of the
university, was there to meet Mr. Taft.

As President Taft left his car it was
noticed that he showed concern about a
wooden box which Capt. Butt, his aide,
earried. Capt. Butt had no _ sooner
alighted than he was surrounded by three
very enthusiastic young men. The Cap-
tain delivered his burden into their keep-
ing and the three turned to thank Presi-
dent Taft.

Then they started on the run fora con-
servatory, where the White House ivy
plant—for that is what was in the box—
will be nursed until it is time for the clase
of 1900 to plant it up against the wall of
one of the old Yale buildings at their com-
mencement.

A committee from the senior class
had asked Mr. Taft when he was in New
Haven a month ago if he would give them
a sprig of ivy from the White House
The President did better than
that. He had a little plant dug up and
carefully boxed. In former years Yale
men have been content with a sprig of
ivy from the grave of Eli Yale, from Abra-
ham Lincoln's birthplace and from spots
in New Haven that are dearly associated
with the history of the university.

The New York policemen as guards
were amply replaced by the New Haven
force. Also United States Marshal Par-
melee was out and joined the secret
service contingent. Many people were
on the streets to get a look at the Presi-
dent. The automobile containing the
President and Secretary Stokes was
driven at once to Woodbridge Hall.
President Taft was engaged at the cor-
poration meeting for about three hours.
A small crowd of undergraduates had
gathered at the hall, but they had to con-
tent themselves with a “Good after-
noon, young men!” from the President.
When Mr. Taft was in New Haven last
month they had insisted on a speech, and
the President laughingly warned them
then that they might frighten him away

trom the corporation meetings if the
made him talk every time. Obviously

plants.

it waa hard work for the Yale boys to
keep still yesterday, but the faculty had
pasaed around a tip, and they did nobly.
Mr. Taft took
Hadley’s home.
were Capt. Butt, Jud
land of New York, the Kev. Wesley Cooper,
Lee McClung, treasurer of the Yale
Corporation and one of the Blue’s famous
acks; William Farnum and_ the
Joseph Anderson. The President
aven at 3:50 o'clock, getting
back to the Grand Central at 5:30
The promenade of the station was
crowded with hundreds who were
waiting to get a view of Mr. Taft. The
lice rushed the President through the
ba gage room and out into Vander-
bilt place, where his automobile was
waiting to take him back to his brother’s
house.

luncheon at President
Others at the luncheon

Henry E. How-

hal
Rev.
left New

The report published yeaterfay that
Attorney-General Wiokersham ia seek-
ing a way to end the corner in wheat
was news to President Taft. A Wash-
ington despatch represented Mr. Taft
as having called upon the Attorney-
Genera) to consider this matter.

WasaIneron, April 15.—A unique move-
ment has been started in Washington by
Mrs. F. V. Coville, president of the
Twentieth Century Club, for the purpose
of aiding the Street Cleaning Department
in accomplishing its work. To-day was
the firet day for the cleaning up of the
city. After visiting various sections of
the city in an automobile Mrs. Coviile said:

“The improvement is wonderful. Unless
one is familiar with the conditions that
existed in certain eections in the north-
western part of the city before we began
this agitation the change cannot be fully
appreciated, but any one can see that the
streets, sidewalks, lawns and parkings
are in infinitely better condition to-day
than they have been in months.”

One of the women street cleaners hired
a band of smal! negro boys and made
them pick up papers all around the block
on which she lives. Soon the news of
her plan spread and smai! boys with
lively interest in the desired dime went
around ringing doorbells and asking if
householders did not want papers picked
up around their premises.

FORBIDDEN FEATHERS.

Assembly Passes Anti-Algrette Bill De-
spite Protest of the Milliners.

Aurany, April 15.—Despite the protests
of a large number of milliners from Man-
hattan who came to Albany a few weeks
ago in opposition to the bill of Assembly-
man Reed (Rep. of Cayuga) prohibiting
the use of hercn feathers in the trimming
of hats, the Assembly to-day passed the
bill by a vote of 94 ayes to 11 noes. The
slaughter of the hergn for the aigrette
feathers predominating to a great extent
in fashionab'e hat decorations inspired
the Reed bill.

The measure amends section 98 of the
forest, fish and game law giving pro-
tection from the grasp of the milliner to
wild birds other than the Fnglish spar-
row, crow, hawk, hlackbird, snow ow],
great horned ow! and kingfisher, except
upon a special certificate of authority.
The law does not apply to gam birds
for which an open season ‘is provided.
The Reed bill specifiea that “Feathers or
plumage commonly known as aigrettes,
or the feathers or plumage of any species
of the heron family, whether obtained
within or without the State, shall not be
bought, sold. offered or exposed for sale
at any time.” ’

The milliners insisted that the passage
of this act would cause them a Joes in
trade of upward of $100,000 and drive an
equal amount of business to other States.
Thev protested that the provision pro-
hibiting the importation into this State
of heron feathers was unconstitutional
The measure will be strenuously opposed
in the Senate. Ex-Attorney-General Julius
M. Mayer represents the n.illiners who are
fighting the bill. —

ROCKEFELLER HOSPITAL HEAL.

Dr. Rufus I. Cole ef Jeuns Hopkins
Chesen fer the Place.
Bautrmont, April 15.—Dr. Rufus I.
Cole, associate in inedicine in the faculty
of the Johns Hopkins Medical School,
has been elected director of the new
Rockefeller Hospital in New York, and
Miss Nancy P. Ellicott, a graduate of the
Johns Hopkins Training School for
Nurses and formerly superintendent of
the Church Home and Infirmary, has been
appointed to a similar position there.
The appointment of Dr. Cole came re-
cently and he has gone to New York,
where he is engaged in work of interest

 

eee er a ae — — ea

|
|

COLUMBIA MAN WAS TESTING
WIRES IN BAYONNE.
Found Shocked to Death in Street Near
an Aro Light He Had Been Examin-
ing for Public Service Corporation
—Was Adjanct Professor of Physics.

 

Frank Leo Tufts, adjunct professor of
physics in Columbia University. was
killed instantly last night at Avenue E
and Forty-fourtb street, Bayonne, N. J.,
by touching a live wire while testing an
electric are light. He was found in the
street by William Frazer, who lives at
that corner. Mr. Frazer carried hi.n into
his house and called Dr. William Ware,
but the doctor could do nothing.

Edward G. Love of 30 Eact lifty-fifth
street, who wag associated with Prof.
Tufte in the testing of the system for the
Public Service Corporation, was working
some distance away when the accident
occurred and did not know of the death
of his companion until he searched for
him, and not finding him, went to Police
Headquarters and there was told that a
man answering the description he gave
of Prof. Tufts had been brought into the
station house dead. Mr. Love went to
Guy's Morgue, to which the body had been
removed and made the identification.
He then came to New York to let Prof.
Tufts’s wife know of the accident and to
make arrangements for the shipping of
the body.

Some time ago complaints were made to
the City Council by several residents of
Bayonne that the electric current fur-
nished by the Public Service Corporation
was not up to the power prescribed in its
contracts. The Council ordered an in-
vestigation and at the same time the
Corporation prepared for a test of their
own,and employed Mr. Love, who is a
consulting chemist and physicist at 122
Bowery, to conduct the experiments for
them, Mr. Love engaged the services of
Prof. Tufts, and last evening the two
men arrived in Bayonne just after dinner
and immediately began work.

They had not been engaged in the tests
more than an hour or so when, at 8:30
o’clock, Prof. Tufts was killed. He was
not wearing rubber gloves, but had on a
pair of light leather gloves.

Prof. Tufts had been married about
two years. He lived at 541 West 124th
etreet with his wife and a son about a
year old. He studied at Antioch College,
in Ohio, where he took a degree of B. S.
in 1891. He entered Harvard, taking the
academic course there, and received his
A. B. in 1894. His postgraduate studies
were begun at Columbia directly after-
ward. He got his degree of A. M. in
1696, his doctor's degree the year follow-
ing. Entering as an assistant:in the de-
partment of physics in 1807, he rose rapidly
He was made.a tutor in 1898, an instructor
in 1903 and an adjunct professor in 1905.

The death of Prof. Tufte is the third
in the Columbia faculty in about two
weeks. Prof. James H. Canfield, the
librarian of the university, died on March
30 jJast. Prof. George R. Carpenter of
the department of English died on April 8.

BOULDER THREATENS TRAIN.
Hits Locomotive a Clip and Separates It
From the Cars.

MIPDLETOWN, N. Y., April 15.—A large
boulder weighing many tons which came

to the hospital, which is in course of | crashing down the mountainside en-

erection. Miss Ellicott received her ap-

dangered the lives of a large number of

pointment last Saturday. She will not | Passengers on an express train on the

leave for New York until October.

Delaware and Fastern Railroad this

It ig expected that Miss Mary B. Thomp- | @fternoon.

The train left East Branch at 2:15, and

son, who for some time was superintend- | , .
ent of nurses at the Church Home and | When near Downaville the engineer, hap-

Infirmary, will be appointed assistant | pening to glance up the mountainside a
to Miss Ellicott. | Short distance, saw a large boulder ac-

Dr. Cole came here to study medicine | companied by a mass of dirt and bushes
at the Johns Hopkins Medical School in| Tushing down toward the train.
180¢ He is a native of Michigan After immediately applied the brakes but
his duation he was made resident
inte Gace at the Johns Hopkins Hos- | reached it. The rock struck the front
pital. Later he was appointed resident | of the locomotive a glancing blow, knock-
physician and in 1905 was appointed | ing it from the train, but the train was so

medica! adviser to students and assistant | Dearly stopped that this was the only |

He |

could not stop the train before the boulder |

physician on the faculty He later be- | damage done.

came associate in medicine and was put
in charge of the biological department
of the medical clinic.

 

READING FAST TRAIN WRECKED.

 

Fireman and Enginecr Killed apd Four
Others Injured.

 

 

Had the boulder struck a passenger
coach with the train going at full speed
a frightful accident might have occurred.
The heavy rains of the past two days
loosened the boulder far up the moun-
tainside.

SIX CENTS DAMAGES

 

Haraisauna, Pa,, April 15.—“The Queen | For Being Ordered Out of Hotel Becatise

of the Valley,” a fast train due here over
the Reading Railway at 10:10 P. M., was
wrecked on a high bank in the southern
end of the city to-night within a minute’s
ride of the Reading Terminal.

Engineer George Rocktashel of 482 Hum-
mel street, Harrisburg, and Fireman
Leland Winand of Reading were killed.

Charles Jones of Johnstown, a travelling
salesman; Mrs. Booser of 327 Crescent
street, Harrisburg; Robert Mather of
Lebanon, and D. M. Rhoads, the baggage-
man, were injured, none seriously.

The engine and tender, a combination
mail and baggage car, a combination
baggage and smoker and a day coach
were epréad over the tour tracks on the
bank.

The wreck occurred when the engine-
man began to put on the brakes for the
stop at the terminal.

Thé supposition is that when Rock-
tashel applied the airbrakes the brake
rigging was torn from its fastenings and
caught on the ties. The ties were torn
out of the ballast for a hundred yards,
and, with the rails, were scattered over
the bank. The brake rigging caught on
aaswitch point and threw the engine and
tendér on their sides.

With the overturning of the engine
the cars were turned across the track
and torn to pleoes, the wreckage blocking
the four tracks.

Engineer Rocktashel was the father
of the Reading girl who was murdered
some weeks ago in a taxicab in Reading
by her lover, who committed suicide as

, | the taxicab was being rushed to a hospital.

 

Mississippi Will Risk Gotng to Natchez.

Wasainoton, Apri} 15.—The Navy De-
partment has decided to send the battle-
ship Miselasippi up the river of that name
as far as Natohez. It was once decided
that it would be dangerous for the veasel
to make the trip up the river, but after
further consideration and in view of the
many requests from delegations from the
South the decision was changed. The
ailver service from the State of Miasiasippi
will probably be presented at Natohes.

Hier Brother Was in Her Reom.

The third trial of the suit of Mrs Cath-
erine De Wolf to recover $10,000 damages
from Simeon Ford and Samuel T. Shaw,
proprietors of the Grand Union Hotel,
resulted for the first time yesterday in
a verdict for Mra. De Wolf. The jury be-
fore Justice Ford in the Supreme Court
awarded her 6 cents after deliberating a
whole day. On the first trial the suit was
dismissed. The Court of Appeals ordered
a new trial and the jury disagreed on that
trial.

Mrs. De Wolf, who was in mourning,
went to the hotel with her brother, George
L. Catlin, and her daughter Margaret,
aged 11, on the night of June 5, 1905. Her
son had just died at her home, 92 St,
Nicholas avenue, and because she was
exceedingly nervous her physician ad-
vised her to go to a hotel. She testified
that at 1 o'clock in the morning she be-
came ill and her brother went to her room
to see what he could do. While he was
there hotel employees went to the room
and ordered her to leave the hotel, alleg-
ing that she had violated a hotel rule by
having a man in her room who was not
her husband.

WM. ROCKEFELLER SAILS.

Didn't Let Wall Street Know He Was
Going Until He Had Gone.

William Rockefeller sailed for Europe
on Wednesday. Wis departure was not
announced, nor was he on the cabin list
of either the Mauretania or the Oceanio,
the only steamers leaving for Europe on
that day. Mr. Rockefeller's son, William
G. Rockefeller, is abroad and will meet
his father on the latter's arrival on the
other side. They will return together in
a few weeks.

Gets $25,000 Breach of Promise Verdict.

Caticaco, April 15.—Mary Mattes, who
sued Hugh Crabbe, formerly manager
of the Leiter estate, for breach of prom-
ise, this afternoon got a verdict of $25,000.
Misa Mattes, who is 22 years old, aaserted
that Crabbe equipped a flat as her home

 

jana finally left her.

Spectas Cable Despatch to Taz SUN.

Lonbon, April 16.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Telegraph says
the Czar has accepted the resignation of
Foreign Minister Isvolaky and appointed
ex-Premier Coremykin as his successor.

The appointment of the latter, who is
undergoing the cure at Wiesbaden, has
not yet been gazetted.

BARS NEW THEATRE BAR.

The Assembly Refuses to Let Up on the
Letter of the Raines Law.

ALBANY, April 15.—Assemblyman Conk-
lin’s bill amending the excise law to per-
mit the sale of liquor within 200 feet of
a church or schoolhouse, with the per-
mission of such an institution, was de-
feated in the Assembly to-day by a vote
of 43 ayea to 68 noes. The bill would
permit the New Theatre in Manhattan
to sell liquor. Mr. Conklin gave notice
that he would move to have the vote re-
considered.

All the local option advocates in the
Assembly and many up-State members
refused to support the measure. The
minority members voted for it.

 

 

R. G. INGERSOLL’S WIDOW WINS.

Court Gives Her Verdict Against Heirs for
Whom Husband Broke Will.

Boston, April 15.—Judge Putnam of
the United States Circuit Court this after-
noon brought an end to the litigation of
Mrs. Eva A. Ingersoll of Dobbs Ferry,
N. Y., widow of Col. Robert G. Ingersoll
against the relatives of the late Andrew
J. Davis, a wealthy Butte mine owner,
awarding her a verdict of $138,810 with
interest and coate.

When Davis died Col. Ingersoll was
retained by some peopleé in an effort to
break his will. ‘They made a contract
by which they agreed to pay the lawyer
a $100,000 fee, but after the latter died
his widow was unable to collect the fee.
She brought suit in this State against
Henry A. Root of Lowell, Joseph A. Coram
of Lowell and some others who were
parties to the contract. The Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed the decision
favorable to Mrs. Ingersoll returned by
the lower court and the United States
Supreme Court finally ruled in her favor.

MRS. DUFF TO BUILD HOSPITAL.

Will Erect Memorial to Her Late Husband
in Augusta, Where He Died.

Avcusta, Ga., April 15.—Announce-
ment was made here to-day that Mrs.
G. F. W. Duff of 87 Riverside Drive, New
York city, had deciared her intention of
building and equipping a children’s hos-
pital here. Under the name of the Chil-
dren's Hoepital Association a number of
prominent women of this: city had been
collecting funds for some years for this
Purpose and had got about $10,000.

Mra. Duff will build the hospital in
meniory of her huaband, who died here
suddenly on March 19. She has been a
winter visitor here for several years and
became interested in the enterprise.
The amount the hospital is to cost is not
given definitely, but Mrs. Duff is to de-
fray all the cost, the funds in hand to be
used as as endowment.

 

BROTHER DESIDIRIUS To WED.

Renounces Vows of Celibacy After Meet-
ing Daughter of Patient He Was Nursing.
Sr. Louis, April 15.—Brother Desi-
dirius, a member of the Alexian Brother-
hood for fifteen years, and for ten years
employed in the brotherhood’s hospital
here, has renounced his vows of celibacy
and resumed his family name, John
| Much, in order to be married next month
to Miss Augusta Wrobel of this city.

They fell in love with each other about
a@ year ago when she visited her father
at the hospital where he was a patient,
and Brother Desidirius was his attend-
ant.

It was said at the hospital to-day that
Brother Desidirius had got-a special dis-|
; pensation from Rome so he could marry
| the girl, and had left the hospital. |

Brother Desidirius was called the
“brother of birds” because of his having |
taught fourteen canaries to perform
| tricks.

' —— ee
| FRENCH POSTMEN FORM UNION

| And Decide Against ‘Any Government
Statute Affecting Them.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TaRe Sun.

Paris, April 15.—Between 300 and 400
postal employees met this evening and
voted that the General Postal Association
should be transformed into a trade union.

It was resolved also that as Parliament
never gave attention to the interests, of
functionaries but often collaborated in
repressive measures against them and
had shown a notorious incapacity for
administrative questions all proposals
for a general statute dealing with funco-
tionaries should be repealed and they
should be left under the common law

 

CUT RATES ON CIGARETTES.

Minnesota Dealers Getting Rid of Stocks
Ahead of New Law.
MINNEAPOLIS, April 15.—With the sign-
ing of the anti-cigarette bill by Gov. John-
son the cigarette slaughter sale is on in
Minneapolis, and from this time until the
finish, August 1, every independent dealer
will aim to get rid of his stock. There
are large stocks of cigarettes and cigar-
ette paper in the trust which wil] not share
the same fate as the others because
they can be shipped to other States.
The American Tobacco Company has
withdrawn its cigarette salesmen from
Minneapolis ae a result of the law.

 

 

“My Fault,” Injored Boy Says.

Henry Sheppard, 14 years old, of 308
East Forty-sixth, street, had both legs
broken when he was run over by an Amer-
ican Express Company wagon while
crossing Park avenue at Thirty-eighth
street last night. At Bellevue Hospital
the boy was asked if he wanted to enter
a complaint, against the driver of the
waaon. He replied:

“No; why should I? It was my fault.”

Naval Inquiry as to a Kissing Charge.,

WasHinoton, April 15—A court of
inquiry has been appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Navy to investigate the charges
made by Lieut. H. A. Evans againat En-
sign F, W. Osborne. The principal
charge is that the accused officer kissed
the complainant's wife.

“COMMISSIONED” TO DEAT R,

{

Direct Primaries Scheme Fails tn
by 33 to 14—Commissions Also
Public Service and Ivins sets
—Rese’s Story of Harriman and Ogi,

AuBany, April 15.—By a combination
of carefully thought out circumatanods
and prepared conditions on the part
the legislative leaders every poséit
chance of Gov. Hughes calling an extTe
session of the Legislature has been coti-
templated and defeated. ay

But before taking this action to prevent
the Governor from calling them back in
extra session both houses of the Lagisla-
ture have seen fit to register, with a déoi-
siveneas that cannot be questioned, their
verdicts against the measures pressed
upon them with particular earnestness
on the part of the Governor. j
lative leaders have ended the story ae far
as the present session of the Legislature:
is concerned. A week ago they defeated
the Governor’s direct primary schema
in the Assembly by a vote of 112 to 2&
To-night in the Senate the bill wae de®»
feated by a vote of 33 to 14. 7"

The Assembly already has defeated
the Governor's bill to place telephone and
telegraph companies under the jurisdic:
tion of the Public Service Commissions:
by a vote of 3 to 1, and the Senate will take
like action before final adjournment.
A resolution was adopted to-day by the -
Assembly to refer this question toa legig-
lative commission, to report to the next
Legislature, and it will be adopted by tiie
Senate. wa

The propositions embodied in the Fvinw
charter will be considered by a comiiifé-
sion. And the climax came to-night
when Senator Mead of Rochester put: tA
a resolution referring the queation of
direct primaries to another legislative
commiasion. .

With the exception of passing legid-
lation regarding the underdeveloped
water powers of the State the Legisla-
ture through the action taken to-day
has passed upon every question one way
or the other recommended by Gov. Hughes
for its consideration.

There is one more thing that remaina
and that is the passage of any léegisia-
tion which may be recommended by the
Governor’s commission which is investi,
gating Wall Street. A report from this
commission is looked for next week, and
the legislative leaders expect to be able
to dispose of it before final adjournment. ,

The Senate discussed Gov. Hughes's
direct primaries bill to-day from
until after 8 o'clock to-night.... The a
discussion was indulged in. The tit
came up on.an adverse report ofthe

 

   

Senate Judicjary Cammittese, which Waa |

adopted by the Senate, thus killing the
bill for this year, by a vote of 3838 to 44.
Those who voted to adopt the adverse
report were: :

Republicans—Alids, Norwich; Alt, Brook

lyn; Brackett, Saratoga; Brough,. Man-+
hattan; Cobb, Watertown; Conger,
Tompkins; Davis, Buffalo; Emereo' X
Warren; Gledhill, Brooklyn; Grattan, °
Albany; Heacock, Herkimer; Hill, Buffalo;
Holden, Syracuse; Kissel, Brooklyn:
MacKenzie, Niagara; Mead, Rochester;

Platt, Steuben; Raines, Ontario; Schlosser,
Columbia; Wainwright, Westchester; White,
Rochester; Witter, Allegany.
Democrate—Caffrey, Manhattan; Cronin,
Cullen, MeCarren, Brooklyn; Fra SS
McManus, Schulz, Stilwell, T. D. Sullivan,

The legiea

    

     
       
     
  
 
 
    
  

           
   
  
  

   
  
  
  
  

Wagner, New York; Harte, Queens. iol Am

Against adoption the vote was:

Republicans— Agnew and Newcomb, New
York; Burlingame and Travis, Brooklyn;
Allen, Rensselaer; Cordes, Ulster; Davenport,

Oneida; Hamilton, Chautauqua; Hewitt,
Cayuga; Hinman, Broome; Hubbs, Suffolk;
Rose, Orange. iy
Democrats—Gardner, Montgomery; Rama-
perger, Erie. '
The absentees were Bayne of Staten
Island, Grady and C. D. Sullivan of New
York, Democrats, and O'Neill of St. Lawe
rence, Republican. -

An interesting incident of the diséus-

sion was the disclosure by Senator John
B. Rose (Rep., Newburgh) that in 1006
Edward H. Harriman tried to havé éz#-
Gov. Benjamin B. Odell, Jr., nominated
for the Senate from that district. Senator
Rose has voted for all of Gov. Hughes’s
Measures and he has been especially
strong for the Governor's direct “pri-
maries bill. He insisted he was for the -
bill because he was a victim of the present’
boss system. When ex-Senator Goodsell
of Orange was renominated in 1906 and
defeated at the polls Senator Rose was a
candidate. Of the ninety-one delegates
in the Senatorial convention Mr. Roe
received the votes of forty-four and was
defeated. Some time previous to the
convention, he stated, Edward H. Harrle
man sent for him and asked him to with-
draw as A candidate so that ex-Gov
Odell could be nominated and enter. the
Senate. This was two years after Msr,-+
Odell retired from the office of Governor,

“I declined to retire,” said Senator Rose,
“because I did not want Gov. Odell to
make such a mistake. and the
nomination. Gov. Odell ard I have always

been close friends and J have the hij
respect for him. Before the convention
in 1906 I sought hie support, and he '‘ré-
marked that he had always Jooked upon
me almost as a son, ard with tears in hie
eyes he said that nothing could give him
as much pain as his action in this matter,
but that through an association of twenty+
five years which could not be thruat
aside he would have to support Senator
Goodsell for renomination, though he
thought he would be defeated,” 9

Senator Hinman denied that the bill was
favored by the “outs” to get even.with
the “ina,” and insisted that he always was
an organization man, although for the
present he was a tritle off reger-
vation.

“The best people in the State are for
this bill,” he added, “and we think there
is a well founded sentiment for it.
pendence is on the increase, and te
isa growing belief that the present system
is in the interest of the few. It is notéri-
ous that primaries and caucuses up State
are not representative of the party aptrit,
nor is the voting confined to the members
of a party at a aingle party caucwm,;
Primaries are frequently packed with |
friendly voters of another party and
sometimes a snap caucus is called, or the
watch of the chairman is a little fast. and
the primary, while ostensibly called to

sone

:*

 

be

oy

hy (3