*
7

 

VOL, LXXXI.—NO. 24.°

HITCHEL NOT T
~ SPURN HEARS?

Decision Bound to Widen
Split in Fusion
Ranks.

 

 

WON'T ISSUE STATEMENT

 

Says Rejection of League
Nomination Was Wrongly
Interpreted.

‘

 

SOME FUSIONISTS DISMAYED

 

Republican Likely to Be Chosen
as Manager of Mitchel
Campaign..

 

The Politics ef Yesterday.

John Purroy Mitchel sald yesterday
that he ha? not the least intention of
repudiating William R. Hearst. His
decision was a distinct shock to the
anti-Hearst faction of the fusionists,
who argue that Mitchel cannot win
under the Hearst label. There was no
doubt last night that the Hearst issue,
if Mr. Mitchel adheres to his resolve,
will split the fusion ranks wide open.

The Republicans, meeting in State
convention at Carnegie Hall, named
William E. Werner of Rochester for
Chief Judge °of :the Court of Appeals
and Frank H. Hiscock of Syracuse for

 

 

 

‘
}

Sun.

o¢ NEW YORK, “WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1913.—Copsrions, 1918, by the sun Printing and Publiehing Association.
_—————————eeee————EEeEeEeeeeeee

BRYAN I8 RASPED AGAIN.

Seeretary Nettled by Continued Ref-
erenees te His Private A@airs.

Wasninoron, Sept.  23.—Secretary
Bryan indicated to-day that he is weary
of inquiries and discussion regarding his
Personal affairs, arising out of his round
of the Chautauqua circuit this summer
ané the criticiem that it brought forth.
He issued another statement in which he
expressed the opinion that: certain news-
papers felt more curiosity in his private
affairs than does the general public.

The statement resulted from a speech
in the Senate yesterday by Senator Mar-
tine of New Jersey in defence of Mr.
Bryan and his jectures. The Senator ven-
tured the suggestion that as he under-
stood Mr. Bryan was paying for the edu-
cation of young men in Japan and else-
where, this might account for the fixed
charges which made.the salary of $12,000
@ year as Secretary of State inadequate
for his needs. Here is Mr, Bryan's state-
ment:

“We are not educating any boys in
Japan. A Japanese student lived with us
for about five years, but returned to
Japan in 1904. Senator Martine'’s re-
marks probably refer to students whom
we have assisted in other parts of Asia,
but I do not consider it necessary to dis-
cuss the matter.

“I have discussed the sources of my in-
come, but I am not yet convinced that
the public requires me to discuss each

 

cqntribution which I see ft to make to @! ¢,.om patitics.

worthy cause.

“I may add that I answer these ques-
tions with reluctance and with the feel-
Ing that the newspapers represented by
those who ask the questions feel more
curiosity than the general public does in
| reward to my private affairs.”

‘MAYOR GAYNOR’S WILL

 

| LEAVES WIDOW LITTLE

 

 

 

 

 

PORFIRIO DIAZ ENDS | se ae ae
BXILB: SAILS HOME|“! o=tooe "he" senenenn

A bomb was exploded at half past 12
o'clock this morning in the six story ten-
ement house at 667 Lenox avenue, near

Ex-President and\iged Dictator 144th street, and the police think that
the blame can be laid to a dispossessed

. oa hoo — joe who wanted to get revenge upon

From Spain. the owner, Mre. Annie Hess of 200 West
s '13ist street.

, This ia the first time that a bomb has

GONE MORE THAN 2 YEA RS} been used in that part of the city. It was

|; @ businesslike affair and blew the front

| doors of the building clear acrogs the

| street. No one was hurt, but everybody

News Received as Most Impor-| vas scared, and some started to jump
tant Development in Mex-
jean Affairs. |

 

 

 

 

 

them.

Joseph Davis and Herman Ritter, who
live in the tenement, started to go in, and
saw a cigar box on the floor with sparks

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sux. ‘coming ‘out. They ran for help just as

LONDON, Sept, 23.—A despatch to the| the explosive let go. There were twenty-
Daily Telegraph from Madrid says that four families on the floors above.
Porfirio Diaz, former President of Mexico,
sailed to-day on the steamer Espagne for
Mexico. (INSANITY TEST ASKED
refused to discuss the situation in Mexico
and sald that he had definitely retired}
| Family Says Aged Banker, Re-

He said farewell to his daughter at
Santander, Spain, and took the boat, which

former and Philanthropist
Is Incompetent. |

 

 

had come from St. Nazaire, France. He

 

 

“Porfirio Diaz will return to his country
when it needs him,” sald Gen, Ferdinando
Gonzales, ex-Governor pf the State of |

| Mexico, in March. He said that Diaz|
would not waste a moment If his country |
‘were In pertl and he thought he could)
help her. |

 

 

Louis Windmuller, banker and philan-
thropist, who for many years was con-
| Im Extle More Than Twe Years. spicuous in the civic life of the city
| It 1s more than'two years since the | through his activities in the Reform Club
aged dictator of Mexico sailed from the} and the Legal Ald Society, is to be exam-
harbor of Vera Cruz on his way to extle|imed this morning by Justice Charles H.
iin Burope. On May 81, 1911, the steamer | Kelby in Queens county Supreme Court

Ypiranga carried him on the way to Ha-/ 88 to his sanity.
For the past three weeks he has been

from windows until the police stopped |

aoe

‘| flight he has vet attempted in his succes-

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Fair to-day; increasing oloudiness and
warmer to-morrow.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 15.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

|GARROS FLIES ACROSS|*™" °’ eee ae
|THE MEDITERRANEAN

the Heapital.
French Aviator Goes: From St.

There .were six new typhoid cases at
Bellevue Hospital) yesterday and two
| ’ Raphael to Bizerta in 7
| Hours 53 Minutes.

 

deaths last night. Three of the new
cases are children, and all are from the
district on the East Side below Forty-
second street. There were 109 cases
at the hospital yesterday.

The two who died were Mrs. Susan
Mason, 30 years old, of 423 Kast Twelfth
street, and Miss Josephine Meyer, 66
years old, of 352 East Nineteenth street.
Mrs. Mason was Admitted on September
13 and Miss Meyer on‘ September 10.

a

 

DISTANCE I8

i

4
[Trip Is Longest Oversea Flight! ©... LUDLOW, 70, MAKES FLIGHT

558 MILES

 

; and Most Dangerous Ever

' Others at Newport. ©
Attempted. / , | Newpont, Sept. 23.—E. Livingston Lud-

————- low of New York, who is more than
70 years old, made ai flight with
Bisenta, Tunis, Sept. 23.—Roland @. William Thaw and Stephen McGordon in
Garros, the famous French aysator, made | the former's Curtiss flying boat here this
to-day ‘the most perilous and hardest | afternoon.
They aacended 350 feet and after cir-
sion of remarkable aerial voyages. With- | cling around for a few minutes, returned
out any means provided to Insure safety | to the landing place at the camp of
he flew across the Mediterranean Sea | Capt..H. 1. Willoughby.
from Saint Raphael, France, to this port, ens and phe eo oe e
a distance of 558 miles, which Is @ once | *&ve here on Thursday or ay to ny
the longest oversea flight that has ever | © the home of Capt: Thomas Baldwin, at

Oakwood Heights, St Isl , is-
been accompli®hed and the most danger- tance of sie ie” aten Island, a dis
ous.

 

 

 

Garros left Saint Raphael at 5:52 this NEW YORKER ENDS LIFE AT SEA.
morning and arrived here at 0:46, the )
total time being 7 hours and 53 minutes, | Campania Passeager Thought to

while his average speed for the whole | Have Reen Devoured
distance was about 70 miles an hour. Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sen.
Garros flew across the Mediterranean: QurenstowN, Sept. 23.-—Capt. Rostron
once before, but it was between points | of the Cunarder Campania, which arrived
only 160 miles apart.

considered a marvellous performance for | when the vessel was two days out from
aviator, motor and machine. } New York, John Fagan, a third class pas-

He announced his intention of attempt- | 8¢nger, who is supposed to have been in-
ing the flight several days ago and when **ne, jumped overboard and was lost. A
the officers of the army aeroplane corps | boat was lowered, but no sign of the man
heard of his plan the Minister of the | was seen after he struck the water.

by Sharke,

Navy was induced to offer to lend the! There were many sharks in the vicinity
| at ghe timé and it is thought that he may

|
| Aevenes fa Flying Beat With Twe

Even that was| here from New York to-day, reports that |

Bulk of Estate of 82,000,000, vana out through the same waters in

which he swam forty years ago to escape | Suffering from senile paresis in an in-

aviator several torpedo boat destroyers,
the fastest in the French navy, to insure

have been devoured by them.

Said to Be Divided Among
His Children.

arrest as a revolutionist. i
It was after two days of wild rioting |
in the capital that Diaz finally decided to

the Associate Judgeship. The conven-
tion, especially called for the purpose,
had only the power of recommendation, i
and the State committee made the é ,escape from the wrath of the people
nomination effective immediately after | Mayor Gaynor's ¢amily heard his wilt Whom he had ruled so Yong. His goods
the copvention adjourned. read yesterday by Michael Furst, the “ere Packed as the howls of the mob

The convention voted as the leaders | lawyer to whom he gave it just before C#™Me to his ears in the darkened house,
expected. Edgar Truman Brackett, |he started for his trip abroad. The mem. %"% then the party dashed for the rail-
who was named in opposition to Judge‘ bers of the family refused to talk of the spad station to take train for Vera Crus. |
Werner, and Frederick E. Crane of | provisions of the document, but it Is in Me perty were Bie wits, hie son, Nis

i ‘son's wife and five children, and Senor!
Brooklyn, who opposed Judge Hiscock, | understood that Mrs. Gaynor gets only a Elisaga and his wife, the latter a sister

each got votes from about one-quarter | small part of the estate, which Is esti-! of Gen. Dias. i
of the 600-odd delegates. mated at. $2,000,000. + Whey reached Vera Cruz in safety!

There were signs that the strength of ) The will is to be filed to-day. When it after a perilous ride, and then the last |
Williams Barnes has lessened. Job E. | is made public it {s said that it will show few moments of Gen. Diaz's stay in his |
Hedges, an anti-Barnes man, took the |a division of the estate into seven parts,|country were made easy. Flowers were |
Place of Mr. Barnes's adjutant in the |The Mayor's two sons will probably get *trewn tn his pa®h and cheers instead of :

Assembly, Harold J. Hinman of Al-!/two parts each and the three younger | “Urne* marked bie passing.
hbany, as chairman of the committee on | 05 SERVER: wire ANG paar SbeneNs |

daughters, Ruth, Marien and Helen, @n¢ org tew hours before taking ship for

 

 

reaolutions, Mr. Hinman was sub- | part each. rope. ith gree
jected to noisy interruptions when he Friends of Mr. Gaynor were surprised | frie Seater oa seated maspeaiinen me on
got up to speak. last nizht-at the report that he had made} yang officials bafe Bim farewell.

no provision for his widow other than to;
leave to her his town house at 20 Eighth! land, on June 20. After a short stay in
avenue, Brooklyn,. Some of them said| Engiand he went to France. “He spent
that he had made ample provision for her) some time in Paris and Toulon, visited
during his lifetime and that this eee | Rome and made a trip up the Nile.
why she did not fAgure more largely in' at Rome he sald that members of
his will. | political parties and the army had asked
In addition to the three unmarried | him to retum and try to restore tran-
daughters there are two married ones, | quillity to his country, but he refused and
Mrs. Harry Vingut and Mrs, W. Seward | insisted that he was out of politics
Webb, Jr. They are bequeathed $1,000 in January of this year a delegation
each, of Mexicans called on him in Paris and
The Mayor's sons are Rufus William, | again pressed him to return and again he
the elder, who is 24 years old, and Nor- | popysed,
man Joseph, who was graduated from |

The convention adopted a resolution
requesting the National Committee. to
cal! as soon as possible a Republican
National convention to revise the plan
of representation. Mr. Barnes has
strongly opposed the calling of a na-
tional convention. Charles D. Hilles,
chairman of the National Committee,
who eat as a delegate from the Nine-
teenth Assembly district, said that the
committee will meet early in December.

Charles F, Murphy said he was ready
to go to Albany to testify if he is called,

Don Porfirlo afrived tf Plymouth, Eng- | loved German residen:

curable form, according to an affidavit
submitted to the court by Dr. Herman
Bosch of 25 East Sixty-fifth street.

The order directing that Mr. Windmul-
ler be brought into court was issued on
the strength of an affidavit made by the
elderly banker’s son, Adolph C. E. Wind-
muller, who saye that his father is incom-
petent to conduct his affairs. Mrs. Han-
nah E. Windmuller, the banker's wife,
and his daughter, Mrs. Clara Louise Hey-
nen of 203 West 108th street, both con-
sented to the examination.

Friends of Mr. Windmuller who heard
yesterday the reports as to his condition
recalled the tragedy which occurred in
his family last year and which prostrated
him at the time. His faverite daughter,
Annie May Windmuller, was burned to
death in the kitchen of the beautiful

Windmuller home at Wuodside, near Long

Island City.
Mr. Windmuller has been. perhaps the

of this eity. His
efforts as secretary and treasurer of the
Legal Aid Society, which furnishes aid
gratuitously to the poor, have brought
him into close touch with the struggling
classes,

As secretary of the Reform Club and
a member of its executive committee he
has been associated with many move-
ments for civic betterment. Mayor Gay-
nor honored him by giving into his charge
the funds for the inauguration of the
firat “sane and safe" Fourth of July
celebration. Mr. Windmuller was also
one of the members of Mayor Gaynor's

 

but he had received no intimation.

WON'T TURN DOWN HEARST.

Mitchel’s Decision Beend to Widen
Split tn Fasten Ranks.

John Purroy Mitchel says he won't
turn his back on William R. Hearst after
all. The effect of his decision is bound
1o set fusion by the ears, and unless he
changes his mind the fusion ranks will
lyeak wide open. There were many signs
of a split yesterday.

Here is one of a series of questions
put to Mr, Mitchel yesterday afternoon
just before he left the Custom House
for the day:

“Are you contemplating making any
speech or issuing any statement in which
you will repudiate Hearst?”

“I am not; why should I?" was Mr.
Mitchel’s reply.

Schiff Promises Sappert.

A few hours before Mr. Mitchel said
he wes not thinking of rejecting Mr.
Hearst a letter reached him from Jacob
H. Schiff, one of the leaders in the fight
for the Bomination of Mayor Gaynor, in
which Mr. Schiff assured Mr. Mitchel that
he could now support him with a whole
heart. Mr. Schiff based his letter on ¢!
fact that Mr. Mitchel had taken back
his aspersion on Mayor Gaynor, which
Mr, Schiff characterised as “an unjust
glander,” only defensible on the ground
that §t was epoken in the heat of politics,

Heavst and the Independence Leagye
have been irritating the fusion flanks
ever since the slatemakers began think-
ing of candidates. The deciding straw
in the nomination of Mitchel was the
feeling that he could swing the support
of Hearet and the league to the fusion
ticket. It was Mr. Hearst himself who
showed that this hope was vain. He
sent a telegram from Cal fornia to his
political workers here in which he de-
nounced Comptroller Prendergast and
Borough President McAneny as betrayers
of the city, saying that they had sold
tne city out in the subway contracts,

The Independenge League city desig-
nating committee, meeting a few days
later, designated Mr. Mitchel for Mayor
and turned down Mr. McAneny and Mr.

Colgate University last June. He is 21
years old,

So far as is known the will, which was
entrusted to Mr. Furst, is the only one
Mr. Gaynor had drawn. It is now in the
possession of Surrogate Ketcham of
Brooklyn,

Mr. Furst would not discuss the docu-
ment yesterday. He gave it to Mr. Ket-
cham on September 13, as soon as news
of the Mayor's death reached New York.

In addition to-the town house in Brook-
lyn Mr. Gaynor had a considerable es-
tate at St. James, lL. |. Benides these
it is said that he had large property
holdings throughout Brooklyn, in addi-
tion to a considerable amount of stocks
and bonds.

BIG FLEET IN MEDITERRANEAN.

Britain te MMeke

Display ef Flas.

Special Cable Despatch to Tus SUN

Lonpon, Sept. 24.—Great Britain will
send a big fleet to the Mediterranean in
November to join the squadron at Malta
for the mancuvres. It will also visit
various ports, including Alexandria. The
fleet, with the exception of sixteen ships
of the Beagle class which will remain in
the Mediterranean, will return at Chriat-
mas.

The Daily Telegraph deduces from this
announcement that the recent concentra-
tion of the bulk of the British fighting
force in the North Sea is coming to an
end and that the Admiralty is taking ad-
vantage of the favorable political and
naval circumstances to show the flag
elsewhere.

DOCTOR AN X-RAY MARTYR.

Philadelphia Phyeteian Seceambs te
Cancer After Twe Operations.
ATLANTIC City, Sept. 23.—Dr. Charles
Lester Leonard, chief of the Philadelphia
Polyclinic Hospital staff and X-ray ex-
pert, died at his summer home here last
night of cancer caused by the rays.
Dr, Leonard had been affected with the
cancerous growths for several years.
It became necessary to amputate his
right hand, which had been directly ex-
posed to the rays, and early in the sum-

 

 

Great impesiag

 

| Sentiment for Hie Betera, | walking club, which included Joseph H.
Last March, when it seemed likely that | Choate and Jacob Schiff, and almost every
| his nephew, Felix Diaz, would be the tday he might have been seen walking to
| next President of Mexico, it, was sald business in lower Manhattan from his
| that sentiment in favor of having the | ong Island home.
former dictator return to act as adviser! Mr. Windmuller was born in West-
and help the country out of its trpubles | Phalia seventy-eight years ago, and since
was strong. coming to the United States, which he
Gen. Felix Diaz went to Paria early | did in 1853, he has been an active and
in September to visit his uncle and, it | #uccessful businces man as well as a re-
is believed, to talk to him on the sub- | former. He took part in the founding
| Ject of his retusn to Mexico. He visited | Of the Title Guarantee and Trust Com-
Switzerland with his uncle and was then | pany, of which he is still secretary; of the
recalled by Gen. Huerta. Maiden Lane Savings Bank, of which he
wa ee is still president; of the German-Ameri-
can Insurance Company, Hide and Leather
REPORT SURPRISES CAPITAL. National Bank, the German Alliance In-
—... surance Company and several other cor-
State Department Had No Hiat ef, porations.
| rirartoe Dias’s Return, He in a member of the Germanistic
, hae a Society, the Metropolitan Museum of Art;
| ace ee — ee the New York Historical Society, the Arion
| Society and of the Lotos, Merchants and
was regarded to-night as the most inter-} New York Athletic clubs.

esting development that could have aael - -——~

curred In the Mexican situation, It is also BNAI B’RITH peur anre FRANK.

 

considered here the more surprising as no
information had been received at the State!
| Department indicating any, such intention’ Make Him President Again Denapite
on the part of the exiled ruler to return, Conviction for Murder.
! The return of Dias !s interpreted here
jas meaning that all of the Ganabaiat ‘ATLANPA, Sept. 23.-—While a prisoner
j Influence, and particularly his money, will! awaiting action by the courts upon his
be thrown Into the cause of his nephew, | application for a new trial, Leo M. Frank,
Gen. Felix Dias, in his candidacy for the | convicted murderer of Meiry Phagan,
Presidency of Mexico in the October elec- | has been reelected president of the B'nai
! tlon, { Brith. This is the more remarkable be-
Felix Diaz has been in Europe for sev- | cause reelection to the officeds not usual, but
eral weeks and his visits to Blarritz.| nis friends wished to give unmistakable
where his uncle has been living, were un-| evidence of their bellef in him. ‘The
deratood to be for the purpose of enlist-| ejection was unanimous.
ing the ald of his relative. Concurrent with his reelection » comes
It Is expected that Gen, Huerta will not the news that he Ia still conducting, so far
[ee ae “aeiae __ eee BOTS as is possible under the circumstances,
| Trendy sieaned yogic: Ny ee al the business affairs of the National Pen-
' Mexico bringing his uncle with him. The| cil Company, ef which he is still super-
| return of Don Porfirio ts also expected to | ntendent.
jconcentrate all of the old Dias element | iia os
{into support of the candidacy of the'!QLINGS TO HIS MOTHER-IN-LAW.

| nephew, with little doubt of its success,

———
'
!

 

| FELIX DIAZ NOT RECALLED. Lets Wife Go With Furaltere, bat
} aan Fights for Her Picture.
Gen, Pienauet Saye Perfrioc’s Nephew Albert Gutherx of 547 Thirteenth

‘ atreet, West New York, whose wife has
Heft him, taking the furniture along with
her, is entitled to retain hia mother-in-

May Go to Japan.
Special Cable Despatch te Tux Sus.

safety. :
It was hoped that the aviator would
accept the use of the destroyers and. eta-
tion them along the route of the filght,
with the commanders of the vessels under Filler Weighing 100 Pounds.
orders to pick up his trail when he came Conway, & C., Sept. 28.—If Peter,
into sight and follow jim at full speed! perer, Pumpkin Kater had run across
until he got within sight of another de-/an enormous pumpkin vine growing on
stroyer, which in turn would follow him | the property of Dr. R. G. Sloan on Little

VINE PRODUCES 500 PUMPKINS.

Covers Eighth of Acre; Ome Pie

 

 

ready to pick him up if he fell into the} River, this county, he could have kept
sea. Lil 500 wives.
Declined All Assistance. The vine, which was of voluntary

growth, is believed to be the largest in
the world. It covers more than an eighth
of an acre and has produced about 600
Pumpkins, the largest of which weighs
nearly 100 pounds.

If it is feasible to remove it the vine
will be exhibited at the State fair at

Garros, however, declined the prof-
fered aid. He is his own machinist, and
he said that his motor could last for
the journey, and he could carry enough

petrol for the flight without endangering
himself. If he fell, he said, there would

Probably be some fishing boats near | Columbia.
enough to take him to shore, but he
scouted the possibility of any mishap. GUNMEN GUARD LEGISLATORS.

He even scorned suggestions which
were made. by his aviating friends that] MWeuntaineers and Detectives
he equip his aeroplane with floaters, so |
that it would not sink if he fell into the
sea. All France was aroused to great
interest in the flight because of the fame
of the aviator and the audacity of the
flight.

Garros's former flight over the Mediter-
ranean was accomplished in the fall of
1912. On that occasion he flew from Tunis
to Sicily, a distance of 160 miles, and the
next day continued his journey to Rome,

covered 400
‘
|

 

 

Proe
tect Rival Forces in Tennennee.
NASHVILLE, Sept. 23.—-Armed men from

the Tennessee State prison and from

Nashville's police department stood on

each side of the House of Representatives

to-day ready to shoot at the word.
Eighteen swong men from the moun-

tains of eastern Tennessee, employed at

the penitentiary as guards, stood behind

‘the legislative friends of Gov, Hooper,

the first Republican Executive of Ten-*

nessee for thirty years. Looking angrily

 

making the total distance
miles in two days.

 

tectives armed heavily.

The cause of the array of gunmen was
the threat of the Democrats to unseat
eight fusion members for alleged com-

Garros came to this country in 1910
and appeared at the aeroplane meet at/
the Belmont Park racetrack with an
astonishing butterfly of a machine, which

 

hopped about the enclosure a few yards! plicity in a graft care while they were |
at a time at a stremendous speed. He | serving as members of the Legislature
then toured the country, At New Or-/ and the threat of the fusion gunmen to
leans, In December, 1910, he had one of | take the lives of three members of. the
his narrowest escapes from death. He House.

went after the altitude record, and when | Fae eee .

he was 7,125 feet high his engine went

bad and he had to giide back to earth. WILL RAISE RATES THIS FALL.
Frost covered his goggles, so he had to
make the last half of his glide by tn-
stinct, but in spite of this he landed
back in the racetrack from which he had
started.

Held Altitude Record Three Times.

On another occasion, in France, he | United States east of the Mississippi and
went up 10,000 feet in a blinding storm | north of the Ohio and Potomac rivers to
to demonstrate that his ght type of | the Atiantic seaboard, showing an in-
ma¢hine was better for rough flying than crease in all freight rates of 5 per cent

Kestern Railroads Notify the Com-
merce Commission.

WASHINGTON, Sept.  23.—Information
has reached the Interstate Commerce
Commission that tariffs will be filed from

en a He Aten Wack | The tariffs are to become effective No- |
Gavinn’ tae held die altitude wacont vember 15, unless suspended by the com-
atcha want: threa. times Ea. wan’ |t mission pending investigation. This wilt
the first time for a filght on September | be the real opening of the advance rate
14, 1911, when he ascended 13,984 feet, | C#e, the commission having declined to
the second time was on September’ 6, \ reopen the case upon mere application and
1912, when he flew 16,400 feet high, and without the formal filing of the tariffs,

{the third time was on December 11, 1912, |
when he ascended 19,032 feet at
In June, 1912, he won the Grand Prix,! .
worth $15,000, by beating his competi- | Bill Nye's Old Paper Passes Away
tors In a flight of 292 miles. Under Foreclosere.
LARAMIB, Wyo., Sept. 23.—The Laramie
Boomerang, which was founded in 1881
by Bill Nye, the humorist, and edited by
(him for years wntil its fame was world-

' HINT MURDER IN AN ASYLUM.
oe | wide, has gone to the journalistic grave-

Authorities at Kings Park Probe! yard. Its s@rit was wafted out last
j Mysterious Death of Patient,
| Kings Park, lL. 1, Sept. 23.—Dr. W

 

 

Map of Garros's great flight on Page 3.

 

 

 

|
; | Divide, -
P The Boomerang, like all other papers,

A. Macey, superintendent of the State | la ra : b A
Hospital for the Insane here, and other | COUld no exist or subsist — without |
officials, are working with Dr, Wiltiam| Money, and when interest on tte bonded
Ih. * _| indebtedness was defaulted and long
H, Gibson of Huntington, Coroner of Suf AvARAUA tho Btkt National: Bank: the

folk county, to place the responsibility
| for the death by violence of Joseph Hal-
j let of Brooklyn, a patient in the institu-
| tion. \ ' |
, Hallet was found dead in his room |
| Monday aéght. In-his breast was a stab} Nearly All Coal Miners Quit—RBig
| wound, said to have been inflicted by | Steel Plant Must Close
| another patient, although no patients are; @ B

| * Denver, Sept, 23,—From 80 to 90 per

'
| permitted to have knives. :
Dr. Gibson, following an autopsy, de- | C&M of the coal miners of Colorado who

holder of the mortgage, decided that there
was nothing to do but foreclose.

sll : ‘\
COLORADO IN STRIKE'S GRIP.

 

 

| clared that the stab wound was not suff- |

at these mountaineers were eighteen de- |

| October 6 to 14 by every railroad in the |

rina, | BOOMERANG” CAN'T COME BACK

, night to join ite creator beyond the Great

| were working last night obeyed the strike |

_eneea League designation.

mer the arm was removed at the shoulder, Mexico City, Sept. 23,—Gen, Blanquet |

 

endergast. Mr. Mi sen {
. " Series P. Fase ap . + These sacrifices, however, did not ar- | denied to-night that Gen. Fellx Dias has |
om re Ned by Provisional President |
committee, @ day or two before thy com. ; Test the spread of the disease. The phy- | been reca |

He said that Gen. Diaz will re- |

siclan had been confined to his bed In his; Huerta,

‘mittee met seying that he could not take | jiisntic City home all summer.

a nomination from the league unless Mr.
McAneny and Mr. Prendergast were FIRE MENACES GIANT SEQUOIAS.
named also, He then had his eye on’ the | -_————— ‘ "of Finance said to-night that an English |

Gaynor League, which was thinking of ; ; '
N ‘ capitaliet had cabled to President Huerta |
naming McAneny and Prendergest for | Flames Nearly Reach Tree in Which offering to the Government @ ‘loan of |

the two other places on the ticket with Gea. Frement Camped. £16,000,000 and to take up all the:

Mayor Gaynor, and hip letter was as-| ganra Crus, Cal, Sept. 23.—A forenf f 2 pesos
Wi » 28. 00,600,000 f

wumed to de as much by way of advice to | are gwopt to-day within 100 yards of thé!tmn which have Wo, Sen emanate |
the Comptroiier and the Borough Presi- | giant trees of the big basin of the Sequoia |-rne secretary refused to: state who the!
dent to keep free of it as it wae of re- e, in the hollow trunk of one of which capitalists are, but it is believed here
ret that he must decline the Independ- Fremont camped throughout an eM: ltnae the deal wae arranged by Mexican
jubsquently te w inter before the days of gold. Senator Tomas McManus, who went to

he made hie threat good and formally de- flames are spreading over a Wide
area and heavy property da e has re-|Mngland recently for the purpose of
clined the Hearst nomination. | sulted, but no thickly sanaleeea has ie. | Kasland the release of options on foreign ,

main in Paris for the present and may |
go to Japan later. i
The private secretary to the Minieter |

 

He ealé yesterday that this action had! are threatened. Hundreds of men are, luan bonds in order that they might be
ne nenees | PRCKHring to check the progress of the | -
in. Oantinued on FYth Page, = | Games. , Pies oe Continued on Third Page.

ee - {

  

Woe ‘ ‘ eh 4 P i i i ve

A f ANGOSTURA BI Bt,
| eek "Beak delictous eppet $4 { abdomen. The car was wrecked, .
hy

order this morning. The counties affected
are Fremont, Huerfano, Las Animas, Kl
Paso, Boulder and Routt.

Everything is quiet in the strike dis-
trict and union officials declare the tieup
will be complete by Saturday night, Thou-
sands of non-union miners have left the

| State within the last two weeks to avoid
e trouble and more than three-fourths of the

DUKE DE MONTPENSIER HURT bituminous nines were forced to close

to-day.
| Thrown From His Automobile ta The Minnequa steel plant of the Colo-
Bole de Boulogne,

rado Fuel and Iron Company will prob-
ably be forced to shut down within twenty-
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sux. four hours because of the coai shortage
certainly ought to he allowed to have| . Pane, Sept. 33.—While the Duke de| after a continuous run of ten years,
her picture,” sald Recerder Brewer. Montpesier, brother of the Duke d'Or- Gov. Ammons declares the National
He lectured Mre,:Guthers for having leans, was piloting an automobile through! Guard is-réady at a moment's notice If
her husband arrested. ‘the Boia de Boulogne to-night the car
skidded and turned turtle,

trouble arises, |
The Duke was injured in the legs and

law's picture, according to the decision) cient of itself to have caused death. He}
of Police Recorder Brewer yesterday. | said Hallet succumbed from a blow over
Mrs. Gutherg presented her side of the the heart. Dr. Macey to-day examined a
case with a lengthy statement of the! number of nurses and other employees,
family troubles. as well as some of the patients, in an

Her husband said to the court, “I have! endeavor to ascertain with whom Hallet |
let my wife have all the furniture and! had last been seen alive.
everything else in the house, but I'll be
darned if she can have my mother-in-
law's picture. My mother-in-law gave
the picture to me and 1 think a lot of |
her.” .

“Any man who thinks as much of hi)
mother-in-law as thie man says he does, |

 

 

>

.e ae ‘The TERRA COTTA GRILL
of the Hotel McAlpin
tee been opened for the season. - Ade,

 

SCHIFF TO TELL

OF CHECK TO-DAY

Impeachment Court to Vote
First, on Articles
1, 2 and 6.

 

GOV. SULZER SUBMITS

 

Counsel Announces He Has
Abandoned Executive
Functions.

 

WHOLE DAY OF ARGUMENT

 

Sixty Witnesses for Assembly
Managers Will Take Week
in Testifying. /

| ALBANY, Sept. 23.—Unless the impeach-
ment court sustains to-day's contention
‘of William Sulzer’s impassioned defend-
| ers that he cannot be tried for offences
‘that took place before he waa Governor

 

| Jacob H. Schiff of New York will take
the stand to-morrow afternoon as the
| first witness for the prosecution.

He will testify that on October ~14,
1912, he gave Mr. Sulzer a campaign
check for $2,500 which the candidate did
not mention in his sworn statement.

As, to whether or not the court will
vote to quash the most important accu-
sations of the impeachment managers by
striking out the three articles relating
to campaign money and falsifying a cam-
paign statement as demanded by Gov,
j Sulzer’s lawyers to-day, no one can pre-
| dict.

The situation is peculiar, for as Elthu
Root, Jr., pointed out in a memorandum
submitted for Gov. Sulzer to-day there has
never been an attempt in this country
to impeach an officer for acts done by him
while he held no office. There is there.
fore no authority on thie point arising
in a case of impeachment.
| The case of Judge Barnard, who was
impeached in his second term on
bench for misconduct in his first term, is
the nearest approach to a precedent that
anybody has found. So as to precedent
the court has no light of experience to
guide it in to-morrow's solemn decision.

The result is more uncertain than was
) that of the constitutional conflict as to
j the validity of the Impeachment which
| the court decided against Mr, Sulzer last
night.
} When the court is reconvened at 10

o'clock to-morrow morning Austen G
| Fox of New York will resume his argu-
| ment, begun late this afternoon, for elimé
ination of impeachment articles 1, 2 anit
6. He will talk about an hour

| ‘That will end the ardent and exhaust -
Lae debate which was waged to-day by
D-Cady Herrick, Irving G. Vann and
Mr. Fox for Gov. Sulzer and by Edgar
T. Brackett, Alton B. Parker and [sider
| Kresel for the impeachment managers,

Court to Vote To-day,
| Then the court will tnke «a vote, pre-
ceded by what promises to be at least an
| hour of discussion,

If the articles objected to by Gov. Sul-
‘ger ave not expunged by this vote Mugene
{Lamb Richards will open the real trial
with a speech for the prosecution. Ke-
‘fore the first witness as to Gov. Sulzer's
“high crimes and misdemeanors” can be
| heard there must first appear formal
i proof, demanded by the Supreme Court
{rules which govern this high court, that
the charges were made in proper form.

Secretary of State Mitehell May will be
| called for formal acknowledgment that
William Sulzer was nominated and clected
‘and swore to a statement of his campaign
j receipts and expenditures, e

Alfred E. Smith, Speaker of the Assem-
bh, will swear that the impeachment
articles were adopted. Robert FL Wag-
ner, President pro tem. of the Senate, will
that the articles were presented to
him, and Patrick KK. MeCahe, clerk of the
| Senate, will testify that he the
jarticles on Gov, Sulzer :

All this will be done quiekly. ‘The ime
peachment managers will then call Mr,
Schiff, the first witness “as to the facts.”

The next two will be Abram |. Elkus,
who according to Frawley committee tes-
timony contributed $500 for Mr. Sulzer's
campaign, and Henry Morgenthau, who
gave $1,000
eo

attest

serve l

More Than Sixts Witnesses,

| Isidor Kresel who will manage the dt-
rect examination for the prosecution, said
to-night that he had more than sixty wit-
nesses, and it would take at least a week
to hear them.

Apart from the long and at times very
jspirited argument over the impeachmegt
articles, the big devglopment to-day was
Gov, Sulzer's acquiescence in the decision
lof the high court that he was legally im-
peached. In stately submission Judge
Herrick, addressing the tribunal in the
Senate Chamber this morning, said:

“Bowing of course as we must to the
ruling of the court, Mr. President and
‘members of the court, we now appear
‘generally for the respondent, the same
/counsel appearing as did appear specially
“And in that connection permit me, Mr.
Presiding Judge and members of the
jcourt, to say that when these articles
| were first presented the Governor was
'advised that inasmuch as there was some
}doubt as to the legality of the impeach-
‘ment It was his duty not to surren-
jder the functions of his office until that
; question had been determined, After the
j decision of Mr. Justice Hasbrouck he
;}ceased to perform any executive func-
tions, and it is unnecessary for me to say
| perhaps that he will not perform any tn
the future until the termination of this

trial”

Judge Herrick, in closing his argument
for the elimination of the articles of im-
peachment charging the Governor with
imaking a false campéttiee statement and
lywearing that it was true and with using
leampaign money in stock speculation,

stirred the court with what seemed to he

the -

7