“VOL, LXVIL—NO, 353,
VOL Livib-

MORE ITALIANS DETAINED,

POSSIBIE INTLUX OF ANARCHISTS
PROMPTLY HEADED OFF,

 

 

Chief McClasky of the New York Detective
Borean Steps In and Causes the Detention
of Eleven Men—No Incriminating Evidence
Found to the Truaks of Moresca and Guido,

The New York detective bureau, working
independently of the United States Secret
service oMcers, has added eleven to the uum-
ber of men detained by the immigration offi-
clals in this port because of suspected connec-
tion with Anarchist plots, There is no definite
charge against the eleven men held at the re-
quest of Chief Mot lusky; on the other hand,
charges of the most serfous character have
been made against Natale Moresca and Mi-
chael Guido, who were detained on Friday
upon thelr arrival here on the Kaiser Wil-
Il Papers were prepared i Wash-

to be served on Moresca and Guido
but were found to be incomplete and were
returned to Washington for correction
Whether the corrected documents were served
on the men yesterday it was impossible to
learn ‘The utmost secrecy with regard to all
the circumstances of the arrost of all the men
ig maintained by police, Secret Service men
and immigration officials alike

Moresca an! Guito are being kept at Quar-
antine end not at Ellis Island or in the Barge
Oftice, as is customary in the cases of immigrants
awaiting investigation. They were brought to
the Barge (Office vesterday and were le! into a
were Commissioner of Immigration
Fitchie, Assistant pecretary of the Treasury
Taylor, Chief Agent Hazen of the Secret Ser-
vice, Capt. Howard and Dr. Ciler of the immi-
Bureau were holuing a conierence,
and they remained there some time. They
were then taken back to Quarantine where it
was absolutely certain that no one could com-

helm
ington

room
gration

municate with tiem.

Tho presence of Assistant Secretary Taylor
at the conference arouse. a great coal of com-
ment among those familiar with Barge Office
afairs Mr. Taylor has been away from
Washington for nearly a month stu: ying the
con itions un er which foreigners enter the

“nite; States across the Canadian frontier. It
Ce asserted that he had merely stopped
off in Us city on he» “ay back lo noenne.

) id Wus present at the coilterence by acci-
at wt r Pay l rs energetic interest in the
investigation and his upparent anxiety did
not harmonize well with these statements.
He said yesterday afternoon that Secret Ser-
vice men had traced the baggage of Moresca
and Guido to Hoboken and bad examined it
there. in Moresca’s trunk nothing was found
that would incrimisute him. His bugguge
did not differ in any Way from that which al-
mostevery unmigrant brings Withhim. lhere
were some letters from @ Woman and a manu-
seript poem or two. Guide's bundle Was even
poorer i es Tee ff information with regard

h sonality of ils owner,
OT ves by advice of A. Homer Byington,
United States Consul at Naples, that the Wash-
{ngton authorities ordered Moresca and Guido
to be taken off the Kaiser Wilhelm II. Mr
Byington received information from the police
of Naples that two Italians were to sail from

that port for the United States about Aug 1,
with intent to make an anarchistic demon-
stration in the United States, presumably

alnst the President Mr. Byington set a

ose watch on outgoing vessels, His infor-
mation led him to believe that the susnected
men would sail on the Villa Franca, a Neapoli-
tan tramp steamship Careful scrutiny was

ade of the Villa Franea’s passengers when
she sailed and the Consul was sure that the
men against whom he had been warned were
not on her. Fresh information came to the

Consul that the men had sailed on the Kalser
Wilhelm If. He at once notified the State
Department and the pair were promptly ar-
rested on thelr arrival here

It wae a rrest gueeriog to the « ip peo-
ple to learn thatthe two men hud known euch
other in Italy. It had not been noti that
they associated with one another at all on the
voyage over. Moresca, by an arrangement
made with the officers of the steamship before
she sailed, worked his way over to ths country
ua @ Btecrage steward, Guido was technicaliy
ustowaway. He was discovered in time to have
been put ashore hud the ship's officers desired
to be rid of him; but inasmuch as he begged to
be allowed to work his way he was permitted to
do so, Without any further orders he began
passing coal in the fire rcom.

The men were turned over to the Immigra-
tion Bureau after their arrest and it was given
out that ther were simply detained under
mmigration regulations, Moresca as an @x-
conviet and Guido as astowavay. They were
however, sent down to Quarautine to be locke
up there, and were not allowed to mingle for
| moment with the crowd of immigrants who
om = always awalting exam nation at
the Barge Office They were brought
up to the cl'y at 8 o'clock yesterday afternoon
on one of the Iminieration Burean’s steafilers.
sely guaried by Seoret Service agents They
were taven before the consulting officials and
were questioned at great ergth lhe resuit
of the questioning was not at all satisfactory
to the oficial At its conclusion the prisoners
were retur ed to confinement.

Meanwhile Guido had been permitted to
send a telegram to Antonio Guido of sé4 Third
avenie, who says he ls the prisoner's brother.
Antonlo came down to the Battery with a
lawyer, Max G. Wildnauer of 320 Broadway
Antonio Guido said: “My brother is a sailor
He was an italian marine for many years
con't beileve that he is an Anarchiat I never
heard that he had any Anarchist ideas. fe
was never in prison. tie has wanted for years
tocometo this country.”

Antonio Guido was not permitted to com-
municata with his brother. He went away,
faving that he was going to his home, which
is the house of his employer, Matteo Morello
a fruit dealer. Last night the Morellos said
that Antonio Guido had not come home since

 

    

 

 

    

.” went to the Rarge OMece in the morning
and they professed to be much. concerned
about him. Mrs. Morello. wanted to know

whether he had been ' arrested

Commissionsr Fitehie said that Moresca and

Guido were net held at the request of anv tor-
eign Government. ‘They were being held, he
tad, to await the arrival of evidence that was
coming from Naples and Paria. An immigra-

was resronsible for the statement
hat Mr. Byington bad learned after
fevarturs that Moresea, la an An-
ne, -aid in off ct: “Bresci was a

ing t> America to kill the tyrant
came

from America to kill our

tion oficial

    
   
   

MeClusky's work at the Barge Office
AB corried on without the knowledges of any
of the off the National Government.

 

On Aug 2, McClusky received word from the
chief of the detective brrean of Paris telling
him that a dangerous set of Anarchists wae

waking its war to this country from Italy.

ihe Paria detectives learned that on or about
ue 1

frory

i number of anarch'sts were to sall
Mediterranear ports with intent
nisehief in this country. MeCluisky
assigned [Detective Petrosino of

Tro rick ont the anwerous men aa they
Tr some way which was not dia
' Petresingo managed to gain admission
‘2 the detention pens without the object of
8 presey wre being known to Commis-

or anv of jhite subordinates

 

sioner Fitchte
Petrosino mingled with the Italian immigrants
for fourteen days, passing as one of them-
\frer the arrest of Moresca and Guidoon
Me‘luskeyw realized that the
uN Preeantions were set for had fallen
other bards He accordingly went to the
gmmiast ner vesterday with a list of names
en in the detention pens who had been
found hy Detective Petrosino to be Anarchists
These men were all picked out of the nens and
Were sot aside for particularly rigid investiga-
on by the Board of Special Inquiry, which
Wil decide as to their admis ion to this country.
Thev were not put under arrest
Glusepne Costa, a stowaway who was taken
onthe steamshin Troian Prince several days
A Jumped over)ourd from the Immigration
Ureau Steomer Narragansett at Ellis Island
arly esterday morning and swam to Bedlow's
sland. He was found on the shore naked by
fetawesee the soldiers who form the guard on the
t Oa Qnd was dressed in soldiers’ clothes and
neh tothe Barge Offive. The soldiers believed
bell had caught another Anarchist, but their
elief Was notslared by the Barge Office people,
verte Secret Service officers are said to be
aa th desirous of holding as many Anarchists
men er ON definite charges on which the
Manan be imprisoned in this country. If
ventene is simply derorted, it was explained
oth erday, he may re@nter this country at any
at theere he pleases, and to Insure the safety
Sac Eresident it will be necessary to send @
a t Service man hack to Europe with him,
ared to follow him indefinitely

    

 

‘

ics The Only Way.
| ht People’s Co-operative Ice Company means unt-
form andreasonable prices for future years of a iife
sity, Thereture co-operate with us —Ade

 

on if. Schultz's Carbonated Waters Are
Ad, T Pure aud correct artificial mineral waters

NEW YORK, SUN

THE NEW KING A HARD WORKER.

 

Italy Surprised at the Vigor Shown by Victor
Emmaneael,
Special Cable Des; atch to THE SUN,

Rome, A ig. 18.--It ts lin possible to exagger-
ate the splendid +ffect produced on all his
hearers by the inaugural address of the young
King of Italy. Thespeech came asa revelation
of hope and Inspiration for Italv, no less wel-
come because unexpected from @ young man
who was almost unknown and scarcely beloved
by his future subjects

Standing In front of a brilllant concourse of
Princes, Ambastadors and nobles, the King
read out his speech, His hearers were quick to
recog nine with the first sentences that the aged
Premier Saroceo had never written itand that
the new King was speaking his own thoughts
and making bis own promises. As the ringing
manifesto preceeded, the enthusiasm of the au-
dence rose higher and higher until the King's
volee was almost inaudible and sounds of weep-
ing were heard on all sides. As the assemblage
dispersed the fee ing of all was expreseed in the
words of a popular deputy who said “The mas-
ter has come,”

King Victor Emmanue! has thrown himself
into his work with remarkable energy, which is
proving decidediy disconcerting to the easy-
going Italian statesmen. The latter complain
that his Majesty takes himself too seriously, but
console themselves with the thought that the
pace is too severe to be maintainedlong. The
latest  rder of the King, is that all decrees re-
quiring his signaturs must be subinitied to
him three or four days before they are
to be signed, in order that he may have time to
read them, The custom heretofore has been for
the King to sign decrees at the Ministerial
audiences on Thursdays aid Sundays, each
Minister concerned bringing his own documents
and verbally explaining their tenor. King
Humbert cheerfully acoepted this arrangement
as calculated to save (rouble, but several times
he signed in this happy-so-lucky fashion de-
orees which were afterward declared {legal by
the high court.

BOLD BRIGANDS NEAR ROME,

Rob and Kill Tourists and Destroy the Sum-
mer Business of Frascatt.
Special Cathe Despatch to THER SUN

Rome, Aug. 18.—One of the regular trips
for visitors to Rome has always been that to
Frascati, a lovely little town ploturesquely
situated a few miles from the Eternal City
To-day panio prevalls in the town, as visitors
are giving it a wide berth and even the Italians
of the upper class who occupy its pretty villas
during the summer months have fled

The trouble ts dua to the operationfofa band
of brigands, armed to the teeth and macked.
Three weeks ago they held up a coach full of
tourlsts, cleaned out the lot of all their money
and jewelry, killed one gendarme, wounded
another and gotaway. The chief of the Roman
Police descended on Frascati with all his de-
tective force and the military authorities sent
soldiers who scoured the country, with the
result that fifty suspects were laid by the heels
and the chief proclaimed that the trouble was
over
another coach and killed an Italian tourist
who attempted resistance. Then the exodus
set in and there is a big slump in the tourist
business.

INSANE OVER MISS GOULD.

 

Man Arrested in Cincinnati Who Is Belleved
to Have Annoyed Her.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 18.--The police of this
elty believe they have one of the men who re
cently annoyed Miss Helen Gould in New York
and that Insanity on the subject of religion
is the cause of his eccentricities. Ten days
ago a man about $5, well dressed and gen-
tlemanly in his manner, registered at the
Dentson House as John W. Gresham, Irving-
ton-on-the-Hudson. He was taken to the po-
lice etation this afternoon by Capt. Kinney
and Detectives Splan and Fort, and detained
as insane. although he was auiet and unassum-
ing about the hotel. Attention was first called
to him by the large number of letters which
he was writing. he destinations of the let-
sone is not known, " aaa ai .

o-day he carefully wrap a large photo-
graph of himself and directed it to «Pa hols
Father Rome.” A letter which he hed written
to N R. Dewees, Fredericksburg, Ind., con-
tained a miimber of Biblical quotations written
ino large, &prawlin, hand, and also made fre-
quent mention of Mias Helen Gould. Above
the addroar on the envelope were the words

“Pass this letter, God,”

In the coutents of the letter was written

“Helen Gould is to be my wife soon.”

After a few lines are the words:

“Helen Gould shall be known as Helen the
Benutiful. Do vou wonJer why?”

When taken to the police station Gresham
talced rational'y about some matters, but did
not seem to know where he lived. He said he
was born in Fredricksburg and that he was
engaged In this efty as @ book publisher

 

DR. FRANKLIN BOOTH RUN OVER.

Health Inspector Booth Strack Ly a Trolley
Car- He Shows Great Nerve.

Dr. Fran lin Booth, one of the inspectors em- |

ployed in (the Health Derartment and who was
d-tailed to duty in the Borough of Queens, had
both legs out off last night

Dr. Booth, who is 63 years old, was called
{o Newtown, L. I, to attend a patient At
9:30 o'clock he got off an eaat-bound trolley

car at the corner of Toledo and Union avenues, ,

While crossing the street he was hit by a car
coming in the opposite direction from North
Beach. He was knocked down and the car
whoels passed over his legs.

“Quick, get an ambulano," he shouted to
those who went to his assistince,
to the walk and get en ambulance

The motorman of the car, the conductor and |

several assengera carried the physician to the
sidewalk

“Tle my legs with cord or I'll bleed to death,”
he calied out

The crowd did as directed, Then when Am-
bulane Surge n Timothy Brennan arrived Dr.
Booth remarked that it would be proper to arm.
putate his right leg, which was very badiy
eTushe This wa- done, the injured man giv-
ing directions to the ambulances surgeon

“if T had feet to walk I'd get into the am-
bulince myself,’ he said

Al er being taken to St. John’s Hospital Mr

Booth had his Jeft leg amputated Just below |

the hip
bor, Kooth was known al! over Queens county,

having held political offce there for many
years

 

TROLLEY CAR HURTS FIVE,

 

Struck the Wegon in Which They Were Seated
and Smashed It to Bits.

A Rockaway avenue trolley oar collided last ,

night with a wagon containing five persons

who had attempted to cross the tracks at Ave- |

nue L, Carnarsie. The car struck the wagon
right in the centre, smashing it to bits and

throwing all five persons out. They were
taken to St. Mary's Hospital, This is
the list: Cooney Bulcher, 20 years old,
of 70 Bartiett street, arm sprained,

William Berger, 41 years old, of 65 Uartlett
street, wounds on hands and neck; John Walth-
ers, 30 years old, of #@ Bremen street, coutus-
fons of shoulder; Charles Harlin, 42 years old
of 74 Bartlett street, fractured rib, and Conr
Fert, 62 years old, of 62 Bartlett street, contus-
ions of arms and chest.

All were able to go home after their injuries
had been dressed at the hospital.

 

Stealing Ride Fatal, Maybe, for One Boy,

While eleven-year-old Daniel GardoM of 158
Spring street and elght-vear-od William
Phillips of 183 Spring street were stealing a ride

e wagon in Sixth avenue last night the
on on ee eit by a Sixth evenue electric car
Both boys were thrown to the pavement and
seve.ely injured. They were taken to St Vin
cents Hospital, where the ductors said tht
GardoM™ would probably die, as his skull was
fractured 7

Truly Independent.
Patronage should be concentrated with the People's

rative loe Company, thereby assuring ove ex-
Sedlnaty strong independent Company.—Ada

 

DAY,

But last Sunday another band held uo |

“Carry me

NEW YORK CITY, 3,437,202,

CENSUS FIGURES FOR ALL THE BOR-
OUGHS NOW PUBLISHED.

An Increase Since 1800 of Almost a Million Per-
sous—The Greatest Proportionate Growth
Shown by Queens Borough-—-Some of the
Figures Necessarily Only Approxtmate.

 

 

WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.—The Census Bureau
to-day announced the population of the entire
city of New York as 3,487,202

The popu'ation of the boroughs of Brooklyn,
Richmond and Queens, acoording to the official
counts of the returns of the twelfth census, as
announced by Director Merriam, is as follows;
Brooklyn Borough, 1,166,582; Richmond Bo-
rough, 67,021; Queens Borough, 162,909. Total
1,386,602.

The population of Brooklyn, Richmond and
Queens boroughs in 1900 according to wards is
as follows;

Brook!yn~—Warda: First, 20,327; Second, 8,565;
Third, 17,949; Fourth, 12,568; Fifth, 18,862;
Sixth, 42,485; Beventh, 40,471; Eiehth, 52,414;
Ninth, 42,876; Tenth, 39,190; Eleventh, 22,609;
Twelfth, 30,354; Thirteenth, 24,029; Fourteenth,
31,489; Fifteenth, 30,269; Sixteenth, 66,559;
Seventeenth, 57,300; Eighteenth, 25,133;
Nineteenth, 87,645; Twentieth, 25,446; Twenty-
first, 68,957; ‘lwenty-second, 66,575; ‘Iwenty-
third, 61,813; Twenty-fourth, 31,767; Twenty-
fifth, 48,328; Twenty-sixth, 66,080; ‘Twenty-
seventh, 43.061; Twenty-eiglith, 77,912; Twenty-
ninth, 27,188; Thirtheth, 24,700: Thirty-first,
14,609; Thirty-second, 8,243,

Richmond — Wards: First, 21,441; Second,
18,200; Third, 18,701; Fourth, 0,516; Fifth, #109

Queens —-Warcas: First, 44,°72; Second, 49,008;
Third 25,870: Fourth, 80,761; Fifth, 7.103.

Under the act of 1804 the towns of Flatbush,
Flatiands, Gravesend and New Utrecht were
absorbed by the city of Brooklyn, the town
of Flatbush becoming the Twenty-ninth ward,
the town of New Utrecht the Thirtieth wara
and the towns of Flatlands and Gravesend
the Thirty-first ward of that city. The city
thus became co-extensive with Kings county.
On Jan. 1, 1698, the city of Brouklyn became
the borough of Brooklyn, one of the five bor-
oughs of New York. By comparing the popu-
lation of the borough in 1900 (1,166,582) witb
the population of Kings county in 1800 (898,547)
a numerical tncrease of 325,035 !s shown in
this area, representing an increase of 30.12
per cent. during the decade.

Richmond county, Staten Island, became
the borough of Richmond on Jan. 1, 1808. The
population of the county {in 1890 was 51,093,
which, compared with the population of the
borough on June 1, 1900 (67,021), gives an ine
crease for the decade 0! 15,328, or 20.6 per cent

Queens borough was orgauiged on Jan. 1,
1898,from what was Long Isiand City, the towns
of Flushing, Jamaica and Newtown and a

amall part of the town of Hempstead, al!
of which were oivi] divisions of Queens, Tne
remaining towns of the county, Oyeter Bay,

North Hempstead and the greater part of the
| town of Hempstead, were taken to form

the new county of Nassau. The First ward of

Queens borough comprises what was for-
| merly {.ong Island City, t!e Second ward what

was formerly Newtown, the Third ward what

was formerly Flushing, the Fourth ward was
formerly Jamaica, and the Fifth ward !s that
|
'

art of Hempstead included in the borough of
vssible to say definitely the
sopulation in 1890 © that part of Hempstead
aken into the borough, but in erder to da
termine approximately the increase in popu-
lation ainee 1890 in the area which f« now ecm-
fr within the limita of the borough o! Queens

ueens. It {« im:

t may be assumed that one-fifth of the popu-
lation of the town of Hempstead was contained
n that part o! that town now comprised within
the eerotnn. n this basif the area now con-
stituting the borough of Queens had, in 1890,
an approximate popelgtios of 87,060 as against
a population in 1900 of 152,990, showing an in-
crease during the decade of 65,049, or 75.76
per cent
| The following summary shows the result of
the counts for the five boroughs: Manhattan,
| 1,850,008: Bronx, 200,507, Brook!yn, 1,166,582
Richmond, 67,021 Queens, 152,900; total,
8,437,202. It is practically impossibleto figure
out the population in 1409 of the Westchester
| territory lying to the west of the Fast River,
| which was annexed to New York on Jan. 1,
1898; but the population of the area now com-
| prised in New York,in 1200 may be assumed te
have been approximately 2.492.601. As the
fa 9,487,202, there has been
during the decade

| present populatior
an approximate increase
of 944,811, or 87 90 per cent.

 

Nearly 300,000 School Children tn Brooklyn,
Edward G. Ward, Superin en ‘ent of Scho is
fin the borough of Brooklyn, tssued yesterday

i bis annual report. in whch he estimates that
| the scoool population was 201,487 on Jan. 1, of

which 145.957 were boys and (40,577 girls The
avernge daily attendance at the schools was
129,175

 

 

SWINDLED A BANK OF $4,500,
Wire-Tapper Sent a Message That Fisher Was
All Right and He Got the Money.

SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Atg. 18.—The Uvalde

National Bank of Uvalde, Tex., was made the
vi tim of a swindle yesterday by which two
telegraph operators secured $4,500 cash and
| made their escape into Mexico, Yesterday
C. E. Fisher walked into the office of the bank
‘ and aald that be wanted to draw $4,500 on J
Woods & Sous, bankers, of Sun Antonio, The
Uvalde bank telegraphed the han Antonio
l hank for the confirmation of Fisher's standit g
Just bevond the town of Uvalde a telegray)
operator named Jack Reif had tapped the
| Western Unieo wire and was waiting for a
messag® from the Uvalde bank to the San An-
{tonto bank. fle caught the message and after
,a@ short time tolegraphed back over tho sig-
nature of J, Woods & Sons that Fisher was
| allright and to I*t him have the money,

Pisher got the money and then with hia con-
federate flied to Mexteo, The break in th
wire was repaired protaptly by the wire tapper
nd the matter did not come to lightuntil J.
Voods & Sons opened their mail this morning.

TRAINING HORSES FOR THE GERMANS.

 

 

Nearly 800 of Them Being Schooled tn Calt-
fornia for Service tn China,

San Francisco, Cal., Aug. i8.- At Baden,
a suburb of this city, 800 horses, fresh from the
ranes of Montana, Nevada and northern Cali-
ornia, are being broken for service in China
under contract from the Government of “er-
many. Fifty men are employed every day
| at the work, twenty-one of whom are ex; ert
and

 

horsemen, The horses to be subdued
trained the light ones for cavalry and heavier
animals for the artillery and transport ser-

' vice are herded In a huge enelésure. lur-

ing the last three days two horses broke their
| legs and another had its neck broken while
being trained,

Representatives of the German
ment are now in the city and are expected to
inspect the firat lot within a few dave. As
soon as accepted they will be started on the!
long ovean journey. Other conaigninents are
arriving from the ranges Cally and the work
of training will be continued for three months
| more at least, If the trouble in China should

become more serious numerous additicnal

commissions for the purchase of horses

Govern-

will
be placed in the hands of California dealers

TROPIC HEAT IN CHICAGO AGAIN,

Thermometer Registered 06 Yesterday—To
Last Four or Five Days.

Crricaco, Aug. 18.— This city is again over-
whelmed by a hot wave, the thermometer
registering 06 degrees at 4 o'clock this after-
noon. Four or five days of this weather is
predicted by Prof. Cox, who returned to-day
from his vacation to take charge of the local

woather bureau. Among to-day's victimes of
the heat was Policeman Edward Colson, more

 

| familiarly known as “Grover,” on_ account
of his striking resemblance to ex-President
' Cleveland

 

The Lake Shore Limited,
an up-to-date train in every respect between New
York and Chicago every day at 5:50 P. M, via New
York Central. uliman sleeping cars to Chicago via
lake Shore Route, and to St Louls via Big Four
| Route, making clo-e connection for Kansas City. No
excess fare to St Louls ~Adr.
Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!
‘The purest natural spring water in the world.—-Aéw

 

 

 

| rauniecated

|

. ae)

ete. tO nid

SEIZED HONOLULU'S COURT HOUSE,

 

Federal Jndge Estee Takes Possession of Ter-
ritorial Property and Holds It,

HonouuLyv, Aug. 10., via San Francisco,
Aug. 18.- United States Judge Lstee has defied
the Territorial authorities, seized part of the
court house, ordered the United States Marshal
to hold possession of It, and evicted one of the
Territorial ctreuit Judges from the court room
occupied by the latter. This action was taken
on Aug. §, and threw the community into a atate
of extreme excitement. It all came about be-
cause Superintendent of Publio Works J. A.
MoCandless declined to furnish a court room out
of the Territorial funds as Judge Estee wanted
it furnished, there being no appropriation
for the purpose.

In April last it was discovered that the court
house, known as the Judiclary Building, was
in need of renaira and was in some respects
unsafe, The Council of State made an appro-

priation of $7,000 to putitinrepatr. The best

vart of the building was agsigned to Judge
Satee for his court room. The repairs were
in progresa when he arrived. The first thing
he did was to order some changes {n the repairs,
These orders were coinplied with, and it waa
expected the room would be ready for hia
oceupaney Within a few days. A little later
he wrote to the Superintendent of Public Works,
directing him to furnish the room in @ particular
way.

The superintendent called the Judge's atten-
tlon to a provision of the Territorial act giving
the Territory ownership, custody and contro
of pubile property, and intimating to him that
{n all other States and Territories the United
States provided and furnished ita own court
rooins, He said that the court house be-
longed to the Territory, but that rooms had
been aasiened temporarily for the use of Fed-
eral officials

The next morning Judge Estee took posses
sion of Judge Stillman’s courtroom and entered
an order Girecti the marshal to seize the
keys to tt and hold posseasfon of tt. At the
sune time he announced that the court house,
in his opinion, wes the property of the United
States and that he would take any part of It

e wanted.

 

 

A CHINAMAN STRUCK HIM.
Samael Thuson Seriously Injared—Mob Smashes
the Chinaman's Show Window.

Samuel Thuson, of 68 South Sixth street,
Wiliamebura, went to Sing Lee's laundry at
895 Wythe avenue for his shirts and collars last
evening, They were not ready and while
Thueson was expostulating with the Chinaman
Lee, who was under the Linpression that Thugon
meant to kill him, drew from under an troning
board a hammer and brought it violently down
on Thusen's head. Thuron fell and while he
was crawilng out of the laundry on hia hands
wud knees he was again struck on the head. Un
reaching the sidewalk he became insensible
and a crowd gathered around him. It was
6000 learned what had happened and a demon-
stration wes made against the laundryman
He barricaded the front door and then the
crowd 6mashed the show window,

A boy ran to Broadway and Wythe avenue
and told Policeman Turner that a mob was
trying to kill a Chinaman, When Turne
reached the laundry he drove away the crow
and sent hurry call to the Eastern district
hospital for an ambulance. Dr. Halpin dis-
covered that besides a deep gash on Thuecn’s
forehead and in the back of his head, he was
suffering from a concuasion of the brain, At
Thuson's request he was take: home.

lee was arrested and taken to the Bedford
avenue police station, where he said that boys
in the nei@hborhooa had tormented him and
called hima “Boxer.” He said that he had been
in fear of his life. He asserted that before
he struck Thuson the iatter had assailed him
without provocation. He was locked up on
the charge of assault.

 

 

HOMICIDE OVER A CHURCH CHIME.

 

Fatal Row on the Street in Cincinnati About
a Peal of Bells.

Cincinwati, Ohio, Aug. 18 According to
Joseph Richter, eged 65, retired brass founder,
of Woodward street, who this afternoon shot
and killed George Uchtman, grocer, the tragedy
had {ts origin in a dispute over ‘he chimes of
St. Paul's Catholic Church, dffposite Uchtman’s
store Both men attended the church, and
Richter contributed money for one of the
bells. To Chief of Police Deitz, when taken
to headquarters, Ritchter sald:

‘I was talking to the boys at the corner,dis-
cussing the weight of the new bells for St. Paul's
Chareh, which will be Dleased to-iporrow.

said ‘There ure lots of people uround here who
call themselves good Christians, who will not

matter What they Cost.’ Uchtman was pursing
utthe time und turned when he heurd me.
jdonot remember all thet was suid but it
eeorms like he immediately struck me in the
jaw and knocked me down, I never had a
revolyer in my life, but went in my house and
found a small toy pistol and came out, Ucht-
man was

 

 

away
Vehtman leaves a widow and six young
children

DESERTER LANGLEY FREE,

Message From Governors Island Didn't Reach
Hartford in Time to Save Him.

fiamivonp, Conn. Aug. 18—Henry Lang-
ley, the soldier who escaped from Governors
leland, where he was confined for desertion
from the army, was up in the police court this
morning to answer to the charge of drunken-
ness for which he was arrested early in the
week. The authorities had meanwhile com-
with the officials of Governors
Islanc, but had heard nothing from them
Taxing into consideration the time he had
epent in jall Judge Perkins said to the prisoner
thi moroing :

lil let von go this morning, but you'd better
enlist again and keep out of mischief.”

Langley walle: ont with heae erect and
disonnearet. A Uttle later a telegram was
receive! trom the commandant at Governors
Islan? ren ing as follows:

Keporte in newspapers that Henry_Lang-
ley, escape’ prisoner from Governors Island
is under arrest at Hartfor.. Please hold if
true, until guard can be sent for him. Re
ply by wire.’

The despateh was signed Meyer, but it was
litue time in leav-

 

too Iate. Langley hau lost

ing town

 

INSANE OVER HER NOSE,

Young Woman Sent te an Insane Hospital Be-
cause of a Strange Deiasion,

CINCINNATI, Aug. 18.—Alice Mulcahy, aged
22, living with her father, Thomas Mul-
ealy, a  well-k own citizen of Winchell
avenue, has had for several years a
delusion that there 1s something the
matter with her nose and that she must keep
it concealed. She therefore continually holds

her hand before her hose and rei uses to go out
on the street. When anybo/jy comas into the
house she hives herself in a cark corner with

her hana over her nose. Otherwise she is
raticnal. A chance remark eriticising her nose
cause her to worry hersef into her present

con tition. Her relatives at last conelu et
thet she was cemente , a» she has a handsome
face and her nose is regular in shape. It is
not even nas large as the noses of many young
women with small ieatures

Dr. Davis ano Lunacy Deputy Maegly of the
Probate Court to-cay use! some force to ses
her note, but Alice imme ‘iately conceale! {t
ngain from the gaze of all present. ['r. Davis
committed her to Longview [Insane Asylurn.

EX-GOV. MOS ARRESTED AGAIN.

Accused of Getting Money for Advertistag
Not Published.

Boston, Aug. 18.~ Former Gov. Franklin J.
Moses of South Carolina was brought tnto
Police Headquarters this noon, charged with
larceny of $ from John D, Hardy, a business
man living at Wellesley Hills. Moses has been
living at Winthrop and for a time ho « ond ected
a weekly newspaper at Revere, It is alleged
that after disposing of his interast in the paper
he continued to solicit advertisements for it.
It is said that Mr. Hardy's complaint was made
as the result of payinent of $8 to M for an
advertisement which never appeared in
ya per
: Moses Was a ted in 1885 on charges of ob-
taining money hy falee preteuce: from Frederick
ames, Col. Whomas Wentworth [ligginsen,
Dr. Bowditeh and Dr. Heary Marey. He

 

 

the

stil] on the street and when he again |
came toward me 1 fired one shot and walked |

| man bamec

was found guilty and was sent to the State |

prison for three years. In court to-day his case
was continued fora week.

A aw.

Lock Front. Lock Front
Coll).14 ~ Ade.

 

 

 

NTING AND

WHAT TO BE CHINA’S FATE?

ALLIES’ ENTRY INTO PEKIN MAS-
TENS THE FAR EASTERN CRISIS,

 

 

England Preparing to Get Her Share if the
Powers Decide on the Dismemberment of
the Empire—Salisbury's Vacillation—Ger-
many'’s Right to a Special Reckoning
~Revolt of the Pare Chinese Against the
Manchu Dynasty One of the Possibilities.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonypon, Aug. 18.—The good news from
Pekin, while it brings immeasurable relief to
Evrope as wall as to the rest of the world, serves
but to hasten the real Chinese crisis, It cannot
be assumed, of course, that military operations
will be ended with the cccupation of Pekin, but
the collapse of the Chinese resistance during the
maroh of the allies d'sposed once and for all of
the fear that civiligation was face to face with
the “Yellow peril"’ in its most dangerous form,
Every Government in Euro) e believed a month
ago that the ruling dynasty of China, after
years of secret arroing and other preparations,
had deliberately embarked upon a campaign
for the expuleton of foreigners and a!) foreign
interesta from Asia. It is now clear that if any
euch plot existed /t was limited in inception and
premature In execution, and has already been
virtually defeated,

The situation now fustifies the belief that
China {s not only divided hopeless y against
itself, Dut that the north is ;ractically without
Government and tn a condition of anarchy.
The subjugation: f any further insurrectionary
movements ought to be an easy task, unless the
fleeing Empress and her sateliites seek tospread
the uprising in the central and southern
provinces of the Empire, The further south
thes go, however, the more their influence will
diminish. In fact, one of the most probable
consequences of the crisis with which the
Powers expect to be confronted is a revolt of
the real China against the Manchu dy nasty

It is necessary for the allies, while continuing
preparations for any military action which
may become imperative, to turn their attention
{mmediately to the vast and dificult political
features of the problem. ‘This necessity is pe-
cullarly embarrassing to Great Britain at the
present moment. The Selisbury government
had reason to believe until to-day that this
most dreaded aspect of the *ituation might be
kept in abeyance for a few weeks and that
England migh' have one more opportunity to
free herself from the deadly entanglements
which are paralyzing her arin in South Africa
before grappling with the perilous difficulties
of the Far Eastern question.

Moreover, England has entered upon the
task with a mistake which is the worst possible
augury for her future interests. The diplo-
matio world to-day is discussing the sad
vacillation of the British yolley at Shanghai
more eagerly than the welcome news from
Pekin. The Government finds no defenders
even ainong its own supporters, Why, asks
the 7imea and all other conservative organs,
did the Government announce its purpose to
land troops at Shanghai if it were willing to be
bullied or persuaded to abandon the purpose
later? Vacilation is, according to every
au hority, the worst possible mistake in deal-
ing with Orientals, and the capture of Pekin is
a for'unate offset to the British weakness in the
Shanghai matter.

It is quite true that Great Britain's action tn
the first instance caused what the Jimes de
scribes as almost bys erioi! denunciation on
the Continent and especially in France, but
every Govern nent consented to the landing of
British tro ps with, of course, the proviso that
they reserve (he sameright. Itis not yet clear
why Lord Salisbury changed bis mind unless it
was that the news that France was promptly
sending @ large force to the same port raised
the fear of such complications that an adjust-
ment would be impossivle. Atall events, the
Government has now recommitted Itself to a
pelicy of occupation and there can be no doubt
that Admiral Seymour's troops will be joined

pay for these bells, but 1 will pay for them, no | in a few cays by large French forces, while

Russia and Germany will seek similar repre
sentation at the earliest possible moment

The discussion of the prohb'em as a whole has
fcarcely begun as yet, e therin diplomatio eir-
cles or by the general public. There is nodoubt
in any one’s mind that Germany will Lemanda
epecial reckoning with« hina. It is hardly ex-
pected in England that the Kaiser wil! be satis-
fledwith merely pecuniary indemnity for the
murder of Baron von Ketteler. In fact, Eug-
land fears that she may be outvoted on the
question of the maintenance of the Integrity of
the Chinese E:opire. The only support upon
which she absolutely relies ‘s that of the United
States. There are signs, therefore, and the
final decision to land troops at Shanghai is
one of them, that Great Britain is making every
preparation to get the largest share possiile in

the case that the dismemberment of the coast- |

wise portion of Chinats decided upon by the
other Powers,

The suggestion that the (hinese question be
referred to a hastily summored international
conference is negatived instead of supported by
the rapid march of events. The necessity of
immediate action is imperative. Every effort
will be mace by the telegraphic exchange of
Vienna to reach @ solution. In case of a dis
acreement or a deadlock the last resort will bea
temporary modus vivendi, pending turther ne-
gotiations
latter, however,will be a dangerous expedient
for much now depends upon prompt, firm and
united action, if anarchy and revolution
throughout China are to be avoided.

ACCUSED OF SIX MURDERS,

 

George Darden Under Arrest—His Long Career
in Crime tn the West,

BELLEVILLE, Ill, Aug. 18.—The St. Clair
county authorities made an important capture
last night in George Durden, who is charged
with half a dozen murders.
here for threatening to kill a boy becanse
tho boy would not give him money. He had
no sooner been captured than @ message was
reoclved from Sheriff Gaunt of
Pulaski county that Durden was
wanted for the murder of John Wallace at
Villa Ridge two months ago, Durden and

some companions, it is alleged, murdered the |

man and robbed his body of % after they
placed it on the railroad track where it was
mang} by a train. Durden murdered a
Smith, a blackemith at (din, Li)
several years ago and is also charged with
having been implicated in the murder of D
F. Ob-y at Brooklyn, June 2, 18%, Obey was
an insuranoe agent from Evaneville, Ind. \fir
was a leadin oe cnlght of Pythias and = that
order paid the expenses. of the prosecution
Several men charged with the crime received
penwtentary sontences,

The last chares_of murder against Durden
Prior to the Villa Ridge charge was during the
miner's trial at Carterville. I]., on Dec. 22 last.
Eleven men were on tria! for their lives for the
murder of Mya. Anna Kar: eo: ge Durden
was one of ecleven. Alfred Karr, husband
of the dead’woman, on the witness stand ex-
claimed 7

“There is the man thatk illed my wife!”

Durden managed to escape conviction tn
each case.

 

 

Two Men Killed by a Falling Scaffold,

While Antonio Peite of 812 Fast 107th street
and John Costello of 168th street and Jerome
avenue, brickia ers, were_at work on a new
bul dina at the corner of Melrose avenue and
isoth street yesterday a ecaffold fell on which
\hey were standing, throwing them to the
ground, Both wen were killed.

Are Yeu With Us?
Loyalty of the public in supporting the Peoples
Co-oneralive toe Co. is the oniy praciical way of in

suring reasonable prices permanently for Pure lea
Bend for « Prospectha —A de. , ;

 

 

a

by conference or otherwise. The |

He was arrested |

Showers to-day; fair to-morrow,

°

PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION, —THIRIY PAGES.

GIRL GOES UP A BIG CHIMNEY,

Miss Polyot Climbs To a Height of 126 Feet
and Wins 85 by Doing It.

Sovtn Brewer, Me., Aug. 18
Polyot, a pretty girl of French
performed the remarkable feat
ing to the top of an iron chimney
126 feet high at the pulp mill of
the Eastern Manufacturing Company, early
last evening. The girl made the ascent by
means of a small iron ladder which runs up the

Miss Dine
descent,
of climb-

chimney, and, after reaching the top
| sho seated herself on the edge and
waved her handkerchief to the gaping

crowd below. Only one mon inthis town ever
dured cimb to the top of the stack,
although many have been up half way, and
Miss Polvot ja, consequently, the heroine of this
andthe neighboring towns.

| Fver sinee the tall chimney was erected
| thera has been a s'andne reward of $5
to any one who would go to the top
| hat a girl could d> the trick Was

never dreamed of. Miss Dine, or “Dada,”
as she fe known among her acquaintances,
practised on the ladder yesterday afternoon,
and a*s. on as the wiid fell at sunset went up
nimbly. The descent didn t fluster her a bit,
and as soon as she alighted she received $5, and
with itthe as urance (hat she was the erittlest
girlin South Brewer

DROWNED THREE DESPERADOES.

Story of the Work of Vigthantes in South-

eastern Missouri,

Pop.ar Burr, Mo, Aug. 18. -
tageville, Pamiscot county, comes the report of
work by vigilantes in riddt: g the community
of Thomas Cook, a desperate character,
and two pals, whose names are not
even. Much secrecy surrounds the affair
Cook was a noted gambier and had killed
his man. He had beena terror to the authori-
ties of southeastern Missouri for years. He
went to Portageviile 4 few days ago withtwo
coinpanionsand atiempted to run the town.

They created much disturbanes for two nights
and then they sudden'y disarpear d
|

 

Froin Por

 

Tho statement is made on good authority that
their disappearance is due to a committee of
citizens who took the law into their own hands.
Forming intoa band they went to the house
in which th» three desperadoes were
sleeping, and catching them unawares bound
them and took them to the banks of the Mssis-
sipp!, from which, bound as they were, they
were thrown into the river and drowned,

 

FRANK ROCKEFELLER ILL.

Since His Clash With His Brother He Has
Been on His Kansas Ranch,

Topeka, Kan., Aug. 18.—It is reported here
late to-night that Frank Rockefeller, brother
of John D. Rockefeller is seriously ill at his
ranch in west Kansas. Beyond the mere
statement of his serious illnass no particulars
can be learned to-night. The telegraph station
near Rockefeller’s ranch closes at 6 o'clock
and all efforts to-night to get the office and
seoure particulars of Rockefeller’s condition
have been futile.

Frank Rockeleller owns one of the largest
ranches in Kansas. it is in Comanche county.
Heretofore he has not spent much time on the
ranch and then merely as recreation. During
the past year, however, after his falling out
with his brother John D. Rockefeller he has
spent moat of his timeinseclusionon the ranch.
It is reported that his family troubles have
weighed heavily upon him. Sofar as known here
he is unattended by any relatives.

LA LORRAINE IN THIS MORNING.

 

The New French Liner On Her First Trip to
This Port.

The new French liner La Lorraine completed
her maiden trip from Havre to this port this
morning. Sheis the biggest and ewiftest mer-
chantman flying the tricolor. On her trial trip
she made 22 knots over a measured mile. This
{ dicates thatshe may be classed with the ewift-
est Cunardera- the Lucania and the Campinia,

La Lorraine was sighted east of Fire «land at
1205 A. M Hier avercge hourly speed was
somewhat less than 17 knots. Because of a
sirike of the atokers of the French Line La
Lorraine's crew of firemen ts made up chiefly of
naval stokers It's probable that this, and

erhaps, some overveati or derangementof
ornew machinery, may be the cause of her

| \
long trip.

 

PLAIN AND NOT ASKED TO WED.
Reason Given for the Suicide of Twenty-two-
Year-Old Dora Kronman,

A young Woman in a gray stort skirt and
white waist drank a dose of oarbolio acid in the
waiting room of (he Erie Kaliroad terryhouse at

Weat I wenty-th.rd street yesterday morning
She was sent in an ambulance to the New York
Hospital and died there anhour jater. She was
| \dentified lacer by Herman hronman of 29 Kast
Lilith street, as his sister, Dora Kronman, 2
years old. She had been acting queerly late

1¢ said, and was worried because sne waa pl in
| and Was not asked to warry. She had been

  

employed ina department store as a salesgiri

BURIED IN THE WRONG GRAVE.

Mistake Not Discovered Until Second Funeral
Arrived—ComMin Dag Up Again.

HACKENSACK, N. J., Aug. 18--Mre. Mary

| Monnett and Mrs, Jane Thompson of tack-
| ensack were buried in the Catholic cemetery
| Ine re to-day. Mrs. Monnett’s body arrived
| at the cemetery tret and the relatives were
ust placing the wreaths on her grave when
he Thompeon funeral entered and the discov-
| ery made was that Mrs, Monnett had been buried
{o the wrong plot. Mrs, Monnett’s coffla was
dug up again and buried ip the right grave

 

| MR. KLEINERT'S GIFT OF 87,000,
|

Presents That Sam in Cash to the Hebrew
Union College in Cincinnatl,

CINCINNATI, Aug. 18.--The largest cash dona-
tion ever received by the Hebrew Union College
of this clty was made by Isaac B. Kleinert, a
well-ktuwn man facturer in New York elty
In a letter received by President Rettman of
the collewe board to-day was a cheek from Mr
| KRielnert, for $7,000, which he says is given to
' the college in uonor of the memory of the late
| Dr. Isaac M. Wise. Mr. Kletnert adds that he

has just celebrated his seven!leth birthday, and

that there could be no more fitting time for mak-
| ing the donation

  

  

‘eciennbibeniesiasmeenene
| NURSE MISSING PROM THE ISLAND.

| No Boatman Took Her Away and It Is Feared
! That She Has Been Drowned,

| Bertha M. flerbert, a nurse who has been

employed on Bluckwell's Island for the last

| five months, hus vanished from the lsiand. All
of her «treet clothing is in her room, Every
one of the boatmen wha carry people from the
l.iand declare that he did not CuNy her across
the river to the city aod this, coupled with the
fuct thut one of the stone pichors used in get-
ting water from the river is missing, leads the
Authorities to beilewe that she has been acci-

| deeutally drowned, Sle ts 23 years old and has
relatives up the State,

 

HAD LEFT HER CHRONOMETER,

\
| Grenada Had to Pat Back for It and Double
| Her Pilotagce Fees,

j The steamship Grenada, which sailed yester-
| da» mornings for Grenada, returned in the
| afternoon, and as she passed inat tie Hook
r ivnelled,"‘Thave nochronometer ‘Sheanchored

at Quarantine ond the tugboat Moore took her

chronometer to her. It had been left

at Newus's for adjustment, and Capt.

Menchison eailed away paces the impresadon
t

thot It was already abouw oet him
pilotace nardouto the Hook and the lose of
about six hours. The extra pilotage bili is

about #200, which is a high figure for adjusting
a chronometer

it's Absototely Genntne,
j The People's Co-operative lor Company represents
| @Vropie’s movement beaded by some of cur best
cilizens Act with wk Our cause is g00d ~Ade.

 

CENTS.

 

‘FOUGHT AT PEKIN WAL.

|
|
|
|
|

|

 

JAPANESE GENERAL REPORTS OV THE
ENGAGEMENT.

Three of the City Gates Destroyed After an
All-Day Battle—One Report Says Prince
Ching Received Allles in a Friendly
Manner~ Austrian Secretary Is Wounded,

 

Spectal Cable Despatches to THe StS

LONDON, Aug. 18.—-The report of an all «ay
battle at Pekin before the allies entered tho
capital and effected the rescue of the foreign-
ers is confirmed by Gen, Fukushima, the com-
mander of the Japanese forces. The avtack
began on Wednesday morning and the Japan-
@se forced entrances through the Choayang,
Tonghi and Tungpien gates

A deepaich Dalziel’s News Agenev from
Shanghai atiack began on
Wednesday and the Japanese ce-
moli-hed the Chamlan end Tongehi gates
the evening Tne other entered ty
he Tongauien ale

The Admiralty hia

to
uiso osAays the

Orie
ufoes

received a despateh fr

Rear Admiral Bruce confirming the statemy
that Peki captured by the aflies on
15th and iat the logations ar He on
details will be seat later

fhe Daily Telegraph publishes a She i
despatch which staves that there w or

ance at Pekin aud that Prince Ching rece
the most friend nanver

to

the allies |
Court, according
Pekin in the direc
on Aug. I

The Customs Co
under date of Aus. 18, 240 P.M

i} cor pode
ia OF ihe 7}? i
nmissione
concerning the I nH eustota {az:.” wor
was killed and Ma
wounded = ‘The
ViENNA, A
the Voreign Office ann
Pekin information
Rosthorn, the Austria:
and acting Minister,
during the siege.

other
18

  

ial telegram to
nina the reite el
that Di. A. ce
Secretary of
eliehily

adds the
legetion

was Wot

RUSSIANS KILL 600 CHINES?.,
Captare Haicheng After Infiletine Two S vere

Defeats on the Enemy,

Special Cable Despatch to ‘lik SUN

Prirkssuro, Aug. 18 ~Admiral Alesileff
telegraphs from Port Arthur, under date of
Aus 13, (hat the Russians captured Haicheng,
of Aug. 12. After
repulsing the Tashiteao on Aug.

Sr.

north Newchwang, on

Chinese at

10, where the Chinese lost between
100 «and = 6150, the attack was ro-
sumed on the 11th, when the Chinese wera
aguin repulsed. This time the Chinese lost

between 8 and 400 men and four guns. They
retreated to Huicheng, which they evucuated
Aug. 12, losing two guns. The Chinese
numbered 5,000 and had eight guns. The
Russians hud seven men wounded,

Lonpon, Aug. 18.—-A despatch received at
St. Petersburg from Gen. Orloff reporta his
arrival at Meduchel. The Russians attacked
the Chinese on Aug. 12, but he does not state
what the result was. Gen. Orloff proceeded
from Chemerteto Yakshi on the i4th. It is
reported that Chinese troops are arriving |)
the neighborhood of Kobdo and that the Chinese
are enlisting Kalmucks and collecting horses in
Mongolia.

on

 

FAREWELL TO VON WALDERSEE.

The Keiser Expresses His Gratification at the
Acceptance of the Latter's Appointment.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Cassel, Aug. 18—Emperor William re-
ceived Field Marshal Count von Walderree
and his staff at the castle to-day. The Kalser

congratulated Count von Waldersee his
appolutment as the head of the united troops
of the civilized world and added that “it is of
areat significance that your appointment
from the outset secured the support and ap-
proval of the Emperor of the Russians, «a
mighty ruler who makes his power felt through
the continent of Asia.

‘It shows onee more,” said the Emperor
“how closely united are the old traditions
{fn arms of the two empires, I hail with you
the fact that the whole civilized world without
distinction and spontaneously intrusted you
with this command, As Prussian offlceers
we are gratefully filled with pride at the ta:k
that has been arsigned to you, inasmuch as it
expresses unanimous appreciation of our mili-
tary life and work, as well a« our inilitary svs-

on

' tem and training and the leadership of our

general officers.

‘In the interest of our people I wish that our
common expedition may turn iato a firm guar-
antee of mutual appreciation and mutual
peace for the European Powers, so that what
the Emperor of the Russias attempted last year
in another fleld and what he did not suceeed
in doing in ; eace, may now perhaps be attained
with weapons in our hands.’

The Kaiser then gave Field Marshal von
Waldorsee a baton and sald he hoped the latter
would wield it with bis old customary vigor
and sureness in critical moments

Count von Waldersea in reply thanked the
Emperor and assure! him that while his arn
had strength to hold the baton the order to
retreat woul! never be given.

\ dinner followed at which the Kaiser pro-
posed the health of Emperor Francis Joseph
of Austria and made a few remarks thanking
the Austrian monarch for the words addressed
to himself and Count von Waldesee on the oo-
casion of the latter's appointment.

I.mperor William then proposed the following
tonst Health to our noble allies and the true
friends of our land whom we all honor from the
bottom of our hearts"

Later on the Emperor bade farewell] to the
officers and kissed Count von Waldersee.

LANDING TROOPS AT

 

 

SHANGHAI.

 

British and French Forces There—Situation
Along the Yang-Tss Reported Serious.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Loxnpon, Aug. 18--A Shanghai despatch to
Dalviel's news agency of Friday's date says the
British treops from India are being disem-
bared. The French proposed to land troops
on Saturday.

The situation along the Yang-taee, the corre-
epondent says, ts serious, especially at Wu-
chang.

Chang Shi Tung’ s troops mutinied, but the
outbreak was quelled

A deapatch from Shanghai says that M. de
Begaure, the French Consul-(ieneral, states that
800 French marinas have left Saigon for
Shanghaiand will be landed in oase of an
emergency.

 

POLICY OF TERROR IN CHINA.

The ‘Cologne Garette"’ Says That This Alone
Will Be Effective.
Special Cable Desrateh to THE SUN
Cowonr, Aug. 10.--The Gagetie says the re-
Nef of the Pekin legations only partially solves
the Chinese question. The paper demands the
severest chasticement of the parties guilty of
the murder of Baron yon Ketteler, the German

Minister, and intatns thata poly of terror
is the only elective one in China,

Waumbek, Jefferson, in White Mountains, N,
open ull October. Colf tournaments ja ‘Sephem ber,

‘

 

   

 

eee

 

 

;
)
i
:
}