een

 

 
 

a ee :

PEKIN'S STORY YET

 

NO DETAILS ON WHICH TO BASE PLANS
rOR FURTHER ACTION.

Question an to Whether Hostilities Shall Con-
tines Most Important. Desire of the Govw-
ernment for ce Vall of Chinese Capital
Confirmed—Conger May Hetara at Once.
WasnInoTon, Aug. 18--Additional official
advices in line with the good news that came
last night from Admiral Remey and Consul
Fowler about the capture of Pekin and the re
lease of the foreigners from the perilous situa-

 

tion in whieh they had been for two
monthe were received by the Govern-
ment this morning, but there have been no

details of the fight at the capital and the con-
dition of the leagationers. Admiral Kemey said
in his despatch that details would “follow short-
ly,” but although the new telegraphic cable |ine
between Taku and Chefoo is supposed to be
in operation, nothing beyond the meagre in-
formation contained In the Remey and Fowlo:
deapatches has been received

Brig.-Gen. Thomas Barry, who stopped at
Taku to make observations before proceeding
to Manila to become Chief of Staff of Maj -Gen
MacArthur and Consul-General Goodnow at
Shangha!. sent a despatch, received this morn-
{ng, confirming the news of the capture of the
Chinese capital, but did not furish any detalles.
Gen. Barry’s despatch follows:

“Tanv, Aug. 17

* Indiana, transport, arrived on the 16th, All
are well, Will go to the front. Pekin taken
1ith. Tegation safe. Barry "

The statement that Gen. Barry “will go to
the front” may apply to the buttalion of the
Fifteenth Infantry, which urrived with him at
Taku on the transport Indiana on Thursday,
but it more probably means that Gen. Barry
only is going to Pekin, A foreign force will
in all likelihood be sent to Pao-ting-fu and other
places in northern China where the Boxers
have coromitted outrages, but all such arrange-
ments will be decided by the wlied commanders.

Acting Secretary of State Adee had a con-
gultation with the President just before noon.
As a result of the conference Mr. Adee set about
preparing certain data and a communication
which the President desired as quickly as pos-

sible

The report that the Empress Dow-
ager, the Emperor and the members
of the Imperial Government, with the

bulk of the Impertal army, have gone to Haian-
fu, is credited here, although no confirmatory
information has been reoeived. Hstan-fu, or
Alan, is the capital of Shensi Provinoa, the
auffix “fu” being the desi@nation for the saat
of the Provincial Government It is between
800 and 400 miles by road southweat of Pekin
and ia remote from railways

Officers say that It is too early to talk about
the designation of a representative to con-
duct diplomatic negotiations at Pekin for
the United States. Minister Conger is probably
a0 much broken by the terrible strain to which
he has been subjected that he will hardly de
sire to remain at Pekin. He will be told that
he may return to the United States on indefi-
nite leave of absence, and that his wishes will
be followed in every way.

W. W. Rockhill, the Special Commisstoner
of the United States to China, has not arrived
on Chinese soil, but in the event of Minister
Conger’s incapacity or his desire to recuperate
from the effects of the long ordeal at Pekin,
Mr. Rockhill will be instructed to represent

this Government at the Chinese capital or
wherever the diplomatic negotiations are
conducted. Mr. Rockhill was sent to China

to look after American interesta while Mr.
Conger was cut off from communication with
his Government, with the understanding that
he would take the American Minister's place
if Mr. Conger were killed or incapacitated
for the work.

Until full details have been received of the
attitude displayed by the Chinese Government
toward the relief column, the United States will
not change any present plans, Even with
such details, tt is hardly likely that there will
be a new policy. The Government will want
reports from Minister Conger and from Gen.
Chaffee, showing to just what degree the Chinese
Government was responsible for the attacks
on the legationa and the opposition to the allied
forces, before determining (ts full course.

The all-important question ts now, whether
there is a war on between China and the Powers.
Opinion here is to the contrary. Some of the
more optimistic officials are inclined to believe
that the capture of Pekin has ended the troubles
in China and that everything will now be ad-
jueted through diplomacy

So far as this Government ia aware, none
of the Powers wants war, Certainly the United
States do not, and ff there {« no opposition
by the Chinese authoritles to the refstablish-
ment of order, the American Administration
will endeavor to seecure an adjustment of the
diffloulties in which China has become involved
without resorting to hostilities

That this Government ls opposed to the par-
tition of China was made clear in the Secretary
of State's declaration of July 8. All the other
Powera have concurred tn the principles ex-
pressed by Mr. Hay but they can ‘ind plenty of
exouses for a radical policy if they do not de
sire to live up to the spirit of the American
attitude.

The situation is now a delicate one from an
international point of view. The ChineseGovern-
meant has vacated Pekin apparentUy, removing
to a place which only a powerful and well-
equipped army could reach, With the Im-
perial authorities out of easy communication
with the rest of the world, there must be necea-
earily some delay before China's policy will
become known, granting that the Government
fa willing to define its attitude. It ts believed
here that the Chinese do not want war with
the Powers, and that another appeal for peace
will be forthcoming shortly

For the present the allies will remain in Pekin.
It fa not expected here that the forsigners
rescued will start for Tientsin tmmediately.
Preparations of an elaborate nature for their
transportation must be made, and It is probable
that the «ick and wounded will not be ready
to travel for some tima.

The foreign Governments will now turn
their attention to the restoration of order in
North China. Reénforcements are arriving
at Taku, andasthearmy at Pekin is apparently
large eoough for all purposes at the capital it
will probably not be augmented to any great
degree

 

OUR POLICY AT SHANGHAI

Consal-General Goodnow's Relations With Lt
Unang Chang Anthorized.

Wasntnotron, Aug. 18.—The Government
has no word that the disembarkation of Britlah
troops at Shanghal has bagun. It regards the
situation there aa serious, but ehanged some
what for the better on account of the capture
of Pekin. The State Department officers
cecline to talk about the Shanghai situation,
except to say that this Government will not in-
terposa any objection to the landing of the
British troops. The gunboat Castine will be
Joined at Shanghai in a few days by the cruiser
New Orleans, and these two vessela, it is be-
Heved, will be ample to protect American in-
teresias if an anW-foreign outbreak occurs.

Vhe authorities here do not know the pur-
pose of the British in landing an armed force
While It was supposed at first that the only ob-
jact was te protect British Interests in Shanghai,
later advices have indicated that the troops
will be scattered throughout the entire Yang-
tse region. The Government does not know
whether this last report is true Whether
the assumption by Great Britain of control
of the Yang-tee Valley will cause the United
Rtates to make any representations to the
fondon Foreign Office has, it is believed, not
heen determined

No attention will be paid by this Government
to the charges that John Goodnow, the United
States Conaul-General at Shanghai, has been
hostde to the interests of the Powers. These

harges are based on Mr. CGoodnow's inti-
‘oaecy with Li Hung Chang and other Chinese

Neers. Secretary Hay has assumed entire

wsponaidility for Mr. Goodnow's course. it

* by direction of Mr. Hay that Mr. Goodnow

U NTOLD, = relations with him

 

on Li Hung Chang and established cor-

the feeling
there was

IA reached Shanghal
him among foreigners

When
egainat

  
  

|
|

strong, and some of the consuls of the, Powers

declined to have any relations with him, Mr
Goodnow reported these things to the State
Department and Secretary Hay inatructed him
to cail on Li and ascertain his views on the
Chinese situation and keep to close touch with
him. ‘To ignore the most influential man in
China at the then critical peried of the Chinese
troubles would have been foolish, officials main-
tain, It is believed here that if Mr. Goodnow
had not maintained friendly relations with
Li, the attitude of the Chinese Government might
have been different. Whatever Mr. Goodnow
has done has been with the advice and con-
ourrence of the State Department

NAIL FROM THE MISSIONARIES.

Woman Refugee Shoots Herself Dr. Mallock's
Reasons for Refasing to Quit His Station.

The Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions
has at last given up all hope that its mission-
aries at Pao-ting-fu were safe. The news that
they had been massacret, cabled two weeks
ago by Consul John Fowler at Chefoo, was
confirmed yesterday by a cablegram from the
Rev. W. O. Elterich, who had been instructed
to spare no expense in proouring definite in-
formation concerning the reported massacre
The despatoh contained no details of the mas-
eacre, but the board belleves that among the
number killed were the Rev. and Mra. F. E
Simeox and Dr. G. Yardley Taylor. Mr. and
Mrs. Bimeox were both natives of Pennayl-
vania, he being born in Bullion and she in Lon-
don. Relatives of both live in thase two towns
Dr. Taylor, who had charge of the Presbyterian
dispensary oonneoted with the mission, was
born at Taylorsville, Bucks county, Pa. and
has a brother living at Burlington, N. J

The Rev. Robert B. Speer, one of the secre-

waa unoertain whether Dr. and Mrs. Cortland
Van Rensselaer Hodge of Philadelphia were in
Pao-ting-fu and had suffered the same fate
or were with the foreigners rescued at Pekin, In
hope that they were safe at Pekin a cablegram
was forwarded yesterday to Shanghai, asking
the Presbyterian representatives there to ascer-
tain at once whether Dr. and Mrs. Hodge were
at the e@apital. The board haa every reason
to believe that Dr. Maud Mackey, who was
also connected with the Pao-ting-fu mission,
was in Pekin at the time of the reported mas-
eacre,

Other misstonaries stationed at Pao-ting-fu
and who are believed to have been killed were
the Kev. Horace T. Pitkin of Philadelpita,
Miss Mary &. Morrill of Deer Me, and Miss
Anna A. Gould of Portland, Me, all of the
American Board of Forei Missions, The

ina Inland Mission of England also had a
‘ew missionaries at Pao-tng-lu,

Letters received in thie city yesterday from
miss!o * mention the esc of a party
of Scotch Presbyterians from Manchuria and
refer to disturbances in centra) China.

he Rey. Du Bolsa 5. Morris, who was stationed
at Nankin, wrote from Arima, Japan, July 16,

 

  

where he had taken refuge, that Japan was
crowded with Chinese missionary refugees
and that more were coming every weék, “Thirty-

three Scotch Presbyterian missionaries from
Manchuria came to this place last week,” he

rote; “they barely escaped with their lives

hree chapels, a hospital and houses were
burned to the growmd, A very ead thing hap-
pened shortly afteft thelr arrival. Mrs, Weet-
water, one of their number, shot herseif, Ler
mind gave way under the terrible strain to
which she had been gehiorted for three weeks.”

The Rev. H. G. C. Hallock, a Presbyterian
missionary in Central China, has the distinction
of being one of the few American missionaries
who refined fo leave thelr stationswhen ordered,
but remained to face the danger with the native
Chrisuans, He wrote from Hang-chow, under
date of July 10, In as follows

“On guly 3, our Ives seemed to be in the bal-
ance, the Governor pA ving in his hands a secret
order from the rebe ing Tuan, commanding
him to exterminate the foreigner, andhe was
taking steps to obey when an order came from
the Viceroy commanding him not to obey the
rebel king.”

On 4 return trip from an outlying station to
Hang-chow, Mr. Hallock wrote that the or
derly Chinese were greatly disturbed by the
rumors of mob violence and were burying their
valuables, At one place where he hed always
been kindly trea the natives shouted, “Catch
the foreigner and kilihim.” He reported that
foreign houses in several small villages had been
a fered and perhaps burned, and that smal}

ande were roaming about threatening to kill
all (Christians

“Although all of the Presbyterian puisston,”

r. Hallock wrote, “and many of the China

nland Missionary Society, the Baptist and
the Sootoh Presbyterian Missions, had left
Hang-chow, I decided to remain.” He gave as
reasons for notleaving the following: “First,
that the native Christians being alone will be
very angious, second, when the unbelievers
gee us all leave it would leave a bad inipression;
and third, that the rogulsh natives, seeing the

| under arrest

foreigners all gone would beain at once to
Junder, as was’ the case at Tso-kyi, where a |
Mr. ton left one day and his home was

plundered the next.”

 

TROOPS TO SAIL FOR CHINA.

More Than 1,500 Will Leave San Francisco
To-morrow on the Sherman.

San Francisco, Aug. 18.—The troops now
on the way to China will not tarry long tn this
city. About 1,500 men will arrive here to-
morrow and will eail on the Sherman, which
fa scheduled to leave on Monday at noon
Contrary to usua! custom, the Sherman will
not carry any freight for Manila. She will
proceed to Nagasaki, where further orders

will await her arrival. Instead of landing
the troops at Nagasaki, as has been the custom
it is e« Hently the intention of the Department
to land therm at Taku.

Gompe.nies E, F, G, and H of the Secor
Infantry, and Cormpanies I, L, and M o

Fighth Infantry, due here to-morrow,
on the Sherman. Companies J, K, L,

 

 

the
will aal

and M of the Fifth Infantry, now in camp at |

the Presidio, » booked for passage on

“the

this voaeal. 1,600 men in these three
battalions with seventy-five recruits, fifty
Signal Corpa men and @ number of civilian
employees will teat the capacity of the big
transport.

 

 

SHAM BATTLE AT FORT SCAUYLER.

First Battalion of the Nava! Militia Winds Up
Its Sammer Oating.

The First Battalion of the New York Naval
Militia wound up its annual summer cuting
yesterday with a sham battle at Port Schuyler.
The Reservas, numbering 1%, were pitted againat
fifty of the Regulars of Battery K of the Fifth
Uaited States Artillery, and when the battle
was over the referee decided that the Regulara
had far the best of it

Karly in the week Lieutenant-Commander
Franklin of the First Battalion sent to the Naval
College in Newport for a problem of the sham
battle and received one which called for an at-
tack on Fort Schuyler by landing parties
from a fleet which surrounded the fort. The
attacking force was to be made up of of 1,500
men and the defence of 500 men. Carrying
out the ratio, Lieutenant-Commander Frank|in

made aH his attacking party of 150 men, and
Lieut. Hamilton of Battery K of the Fifth

AUST RO-HUNGARIANS DINE.

Dr. Seoner and the Anti-Impertalisis Cele-
brate the Emperor's Birthday.

About seventy-five members of the Austrian
and Hungarian colonies here celebrated the
seventi-th anniversary of the birth of the
Emperor Franz Joseph with a dinner at the
Union Square Hotel last night The acting
Austro-Hungarian Consul, Alexander Nuber,
presided, and among those who spoke was Dr
Joseph Senner, former Immigration Come
missioner. Mr. Nuber replied to the toast,
“the Emoperor:” and Dr, Senner to “the
President.” The other speakers were Dr,
Joseph Greelich, who spoke for the Hungar ans
here, and Dr, L. Breitenfeld, who spoke for
the Austrians

[he dinucr of last nig: had been the subject
of mich disenesion of iate In the cafés on the
Fast Side where Austrians and Hungarians
conuregate, on acoount of Dr. Senner’s con-
nection with it. The doctor three weeks ago
came out in some of the German newspapers
with an interview attacking the Administra-
tion's polloy as imperialism and a menace to free
institutions, and someof his critics aaid that
the dinner had rather a monarcbical tinge
A few weeks ago Dr. Senner, with some other
Austrians aod Hunsarans, addressed ijetters
to all the Austrian and Hus garian societies,
gucwesting that the Emperor's birthday be ob-
served by having a grand volksfest in which all
the societies should join, The suggestion did
not meet with the enthusiasm evidently ex-
ected, for the reason that it was looked upon
oy a great many asan attempt by Dr. Benner
to capture the Austro-Hungarian vote for
Bryan,

Ab ut one-half of the socletios sent delegates

to the meeting called by Dr, Benner, wile
the others «ent letters expressing thelr disap-
making the Em: eror’s

yroval of the idea of
e rtiday the occas.on for a vo ksfest, many of
the opinion that it would be
na‘uralized Americans
Their refusal

them ¢xpr: as ng
unvatrio ic anyway for

tu ike part op such an affair

to cooperate resuited in the postponement
of the voksfest to Sept. 8. ‘The din-
nr was tien arranged to take its plac»

Of those who atteaded the dinner only a few

| ware cliltens of ustro- ire,
taries of the Presbyterian Board said that it | Were iuzens of the Austro-Hungarian empir

the others beng naturalized citizens of the
United States, amoog whom were Dr. Senner,
Morris( ukor,a prominent member of the deffer-
oo C.ub, and an Bast Side speaxer, and F anz
¥. umatier, one of the leadera in the (ommer-
cial Travellers’ Hiotel Men's Anti-Trust
Leagiie

Dr Senner in his speech said that he attended
the dinner not to show his loyaty to the Etm-
peror but for old tinies’ sake, ae it were, Atone
time, he had been the Emperor's subject, he
said. and it wie for that reason be atiended the
dinner. Dr, Senner eaid that he was against
the Administration and against .imperiaii-m,
but that as au American it was only right for
him to toast tue President, The other speeches
were al taudatony of the Emperor and at the
end of the dinner a message of congratulation
was sent to him.

and

OUT ON A NEGRO HUNT.
Inhabitants of Plover, Wis., Trying to Catch
a Man Who Shot a Constable,

STBVENS Pornt, Wis, Aug. 18.—The village of
Plover turned outina body to-day to hunt down
a negro secreted in the swamps northof the vil-
lage. I'he negro wounded Deputy Sheriff Hor-
ace N. Warner at 6 o'olock this morning while
for ibghway robbery. Hie ts
about 85 years old He regi-tered at tne

Farmers Hotel here on Tuesday under the
naiieo H. P. Marvin of Oshkosh, but hw real
home is said to be Albiny, N. Y. He attended
a@ dance at Plover Inat night and afterward
held up and robbed Adolph Rossick of $20 at a
lone y point .n the road,

Returning to Piover in the morning he was
placed under arrest by Warner AS
the two men walked toward the station
the negro poked a_ pistol in Warner's
face, and as the latter turned, fired a
bail, which went in at the right shoulder
and lodved in the left. The ball was removed
and the woun! is not serious, The negro
escaped into the swamp, which Js now sur-
rounded by apoxsaé. The negro makeea aving
by singing aid banjo playing. He was sight:
{n the Swamp once anu fired upon with a shot-
gun, but eacaped again in the underbrush.

DR. GEO. L. MILLER OPPOSES BRYAN,

Former Friend of the Democratio Candidate
Opposes His E'cctton,

Omama, Aug. '8.—Dr. George L. Miller, for
thirty years a leader of the Democratic forces
in Nebraska, the founder of the old Omaha
Herald, is a most uncompromising foe to Bryan-
ism. He said to-day:

“IT know Bryan as well as any one can know
him, for I have worked with bim tn bis early
political days and have been in touch with his
actions of morer-cent years. I have no faith

wiatever in his simeoerity, beowu-e I
cr ait iim with more than ordinary in-
telligence He koew the fatlacy of the
free sliver proposiuien when he — firet

thrust it upon the party in this State, but he in-
sisted upon making .t u politioal i-sue, for, with
panther-like quicaness, he real ned that it
could be ready emp.oyed to deiudea peo; le
who at that time were suffering @ universal
business depression

“The priuuary objection to Bryan is his oon-
tinuous aasault upon the es.ablished institutions
of hia country, bls tcremitung attacks upon
our citizens who happ nto owa something, his
opposition to the rgnta of our courts and his
jioplied carelessness as to the preservation of
law and order. '

TRAIN HITS A GROCER'S WAGON.

Knocks Horse, Wagon and Driver Intoa Creek
at Kingsbridge—Driver Drowned.

who was employed by

Kingsbridge to drive

driving across the

York Central Rail-

Moses ottersman,
his brother-in-law in
@ grocery Wagon, Was
tracks of the New
road at Riverdale avenue bear Spuyten
Duyvil at 6 o'clock last night when a train
swept around the curve and knocked horse,
wagon and driver into a_peirby creek. The
Wavon was smashed to filnders. The driver
wae drowned. The horse was instantly killed
Rotteram ns body was recovered at midnight
and taken home

CAPT. A, L. HOWARD CAUGHT.
Maa of an Extended Milltary Service Made a
Prisoner by the Hoers,

New Haves, Aug. 18 —-News was received in

| this city to-night of the capture by the Boers

| of Capt. A. I

Artillery, with a force of fifty, waa to defend |

Knight,
acted as

| the fert, Col
Willets Point,

the Commandant of
referee and decided

on pointa. The attacking party of Reserves
made its jandins under cover of ‘
dre oor the repid-fre guns from

a nomber of steam launcle Atter advancing
behind a stone wall on the Havemeyer estate
| they eneountered the Regulars, who opened
on them with a heavy artillery tire and sharp
| fusillade of
{

|
; sharp
'
|

\ amall arma. After three hours
skirmishing, in which the Reserves met with
frequent surprises from Col

' the Regulars
Knight gave the decision to the 4
Fort Schuyler

efenders of

Consul Wilcox Safe at Shanghai.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.—In a telegram re
ceived at the State Department this morning,
Levi 8. Wileox of [llinois, United States Cousul
at Hankow, China, about whose safety fears
were entertained, reported his safe arrival at
Shanghai. Mr. Wilcox says that al! the Ameri-
oans are out of the Bankow district. He has
transferred the business of the Hankow con-
sulate to Shanghai, in obecience to instructions
from the Secretary of State

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

Jacob Goldstein, a pedier residing at3i Montgom
ery street, has fied a peiiion in bankruptey, with
liabilities of $2,340 and no assets.

Emanuel Weil, a salesman of 114 East Ninety-.bird
street, committed suicide last night at bis home by
drinking carbolic acid.) He bad been i!! for several
weeks,

About $1,509,090 was paid by the New York Sub
Treasury yesterday in redemption of tue old 2 per
cent Uniled States bonds The payments wrre

4 reflected in a dett balance of $1,098.86. forthe Sub
lreasury atthe New York Clearing House

Judgment for $45,058 was cniered veaterday
against Jullan 8 Carrin favorof W. Db. Inecine ie,
commissions for negotiating the sale of the stock of
the Blackwell's Durham ‘lobacco Company on Dec.
13, 1504, on the reportof Referee Ernest Hall

Howard, aformer New Havener
Howard, who is tow nearly 60 veare of
og, Wus bor: in this city. He served in the
Civil War and later in the R-guwar army
Afterward he went to Canada and fought wiih
the Can .dia «in the Reil Rebeilion, When the
Boer war came he went to the front with Cana-
dians as a Captain of infantry.

Capt

GRAU TO GIVE UP COVENT GARDEN.

Says tn an Interview That Season Would Be
Too Long for the Opera Company.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,

Loxpon. Aug. 18—In an interview to-day
Maurice Grau said he would probably relin-
quish his lease of Covent Garden aa owing to
the numerous engagments for the coming sea-
sou the company would be overworked

Democrats of Weight Out for
McKinley,
VANDALIA, Ill, Aug. 18.--William Bourner,
aged 83, a wealthy land owner of Seminary
town hip. inthis county andalifelong Demce-

Former

| erat, has renounced Bryan and has come out

| dent Cle. eland
); men in south

for McKinley and expansion, Me. Bourner says
he cainot swalow the Kansas tity platf rm
Canuyie, ill, Sug. 18.—-Mr. G. Van Hoorbeka,
United States Dist ict Attorney under Presi-
and one of the moat influential
n li nois, ha~ announeed bis in-
tention of vot.ng tor MeKinley for Preatdent
Mr. Van tloorb-ke voted for bryan in 1806, but
says he cannot foilow him in the Philippine's
affair.

 

   

Negro Lynched by Negroes.

New ORLEANS, La., Aug. 18—A negro named
Peter We tley was lynched by other gegroes
near Tehula, in Holmes county, yesterday
tie was arrested by a white constable charged
with assault on negro girl and was being
conveyed to the county seat from Bowling
Green when a crowd ©) pegroea overpowered
the constable, took Westley from him and
hanged him to a neighboring tree

Jersey City Cooperage Barned.

Michael O'Day's cooperage at Sussex and
Van Vorst streets, Jersey (ity, took
fire last night shortly after il
o'clock and = was completely destroyed
lhe buiding was 75 feet long, SO fert
wide and two stories high. The caus» of the

fire is not known

 

Smallpox Case at the Soldiers' Home in
Dayton,

Darton, Ohio, Aug. 18.—-Udward Cheatham,

a colored veteran of the National Military

Homestead, was taken ill with sniallpox to-day
As there are 6,000 inmates of the Home great
Preca'ition fs being taken that there will be ne
epread of the disease.

 

EEE eee
SSS Ss Ss Ss SSS sss SSS

 

BESIEGED IN TIENTSIN.

THE RECORD OF A FORTNIGHT IN AN
AMERICAN BOY'S DIARY.

“Even the British,” He Wrote, “Say That
MeCalla Is the Best Man tn the Reltef Ex-
pedition’’—Vears That Ravians Would Join
the Enemy—Boxers’ Moonlight Attacks.

Among the letters from China which came on
Friday to Prof. Isaac T. Headland, the acting
Recording Secretary of the Methodist Mission-
ary Society of New York, was one from the Rev
JH. Pyke, whois nowin Tientain, Enclosed was
adiary kept by Frederick M. Pyke, the sixteen-
year-old son of Mr. Pyke, describing events in
Tientain from June 10, when the situation there
began to look perilous, to June 23, when sufficient
reenforcements arrived from Taku to put the
Boxers and the rebellious Chinese troops for a
time on the defensive, The elder Mr, Pyke has
been tn China for twenty-five years, part of the
time as President of the Methodist school at
Pekin. When the present crisis came on he was
stationed at Tientsin with his wife and three
children, of whom Frederick is the youngest
Mr. Pyke is a close friend of Prof, H»adland,
who was also for many yearsin China, and
through his courtesy Tus SUN is enabled to
publish the young man’s atory of the troubles
as they appeared to him.

The diary isan {nteresting addition to the
history of Tientaiu’s time of anxiety prior to the
arrival of the reenforcements from Taku. The
young man seems to be an excellent example
of the American boy. His descriptions are full
of life, and while he recognized the gravity of
the situation his young blood wae so spolling
for fight that he often seems to be hoping for
ap opportunity to display his qualities as a
soldier, He repeats many of the stories, largely
mythical, which have already come here by
wire, showing that the newspaper correspond-
ents in telegraping alarming rumors of mas-
sacreandrict reported stories current in the
Chinese-Furopean centres.

One feature of the diary particularly notice-
able {s the strong suspicion entertained by the
young mau of the fussians. He apparently re-

flects the suspicions of the American mis-
sionaries at Tientsin. While they may have
sprung from British prejudice, and to date

seem groundless, the diary shows that they
existed to a greater extent than had been sup-
posed here from information based on the pro-
British despatenes from London, He goes so
far aa to express the suspicion that the Russian
forces might Jolin hands with the Chinese riot
ers against the other Europeans,

He begins his writings on Sunday, June 10. by
saying that war seems inevitable and that Min-
ister Conger had telegraphed the day before
that unless troops could reach Pekin by the
following Tuesday it would be too late.

“In consequence of this and similar telegrams
to European Powers,"’ he writes, “a thousand
men started from Taku this morning for Pekin
When the train reaches this Place twenty-five
men wil] disembark to take the place of the 100
American soldiers here. They are to go
onup with the allied forces from Taku. The
other Powers will probably do something simi-
lar to this. At this moment the whole west
front of the settlement facing the plain ts
unguarded, the Americans having left to the
last man. Something like 2,000 must be going
up to-day. All the Sikh policemen are armed
with riflesand are standing on guard all over
the place.

At 12 o'clock I went to see the soldiers off.
They had two carloads of ties, covered with
Chinamen, to mend the track, and eighteen
carloads of sold ers--British, Rus-ians, French,
Japs and Germans. We saw no Americans,
although there must have been some, If they
have to fight their way Into Pekin there will be
war. If they bring away our people and all the
foreigners, that meane war. War thusse ms
absolutely certain now, unless the Government
back down, which they probably will not do, as
they have gone too far. They are desperate.
The Chinese soldiers taken as individuals are
very polite and quiet, but taken aaa body they
are, without exception, insulling and threaten-
ing. They are armed with the latest Monn-
lichers and Mausers, and know how to handle
them. The only serious danger is that they may
join the Boxers ana eweep down upon usin
overwhelining numbera.

“Monday, June 11.--We reosived news last
night to the effect that 3,000 Germans and Brit-
isb were landed at Taku waiting to come up
Besides the trooy Ww ho went up yesterday
morning, 800 Germans went upin theafternoon,
raising the number of allies in Pekin and
marching to Pekin to nearly or quite 3000. Th»
Taku forts are wid» awake and had thei. ¢ uns
trainedon the British gunboatsin the road-
stead. If their guns fire, the melancholy boom
of the cannon will sound the death-knell of
China asa nation, There are 2,000 Russians at
Tel-Hai-Ho, and their commanding offiver ts
lodeing in our new house -as is the story. Two
wild stories have been widely spread, which are
most probably not true One is that the
Dowager has fled to the Russian legaton for
protection, and the other ts that 5,000 Rus+ians
are marching overlandto Pekin. There is no
question but that Russia wants all this corner
of Asia

“The Boxers aro spreading rapidly fouth-
ward again. The onlv hope for th» mission-
aries down that way isto retreat overland to
Shangiai. Two hundred Americans are ex-
pected to-day. All the misstonaries in Pekin
are gatheredin our compound there and pro-
tected by from ten to fifteen marines. The
British are not protecting theirs, so the Ameri-
cans are protecting both Britah and American
missionaries. Ihave learned how to handle a
shotgun, rifle, pistol and revolver, 60 1 oan heip

‘*Tuesday, June 12.-—The allied troops that
went up on Sunday got out of supplies, at least
the Americans and English did, and had to send
back for more. When these men left the ‘ort
they had reacved Loh Fah, thirty-one miles
from here. Last nightI ddn't get to bed until
after 12 o'clock. There was a good dea! of
racket up toward the city. I called Mr. Martin
out onos, under the pretence of seeing how blue
glasses worked at night, to hear the noise and
get what he thought of it. This waa about 9
o clock A litle afterward the gatekeeper

came andspoke to papa ina wh sper. Mamma
caught toe word ‘lang’ (to yell) and thought
the assault had begun,

‘Weallrushed «ut into the yard and sure
enough there was ‘jJangling.’ Tin pans, gongs,
bel! , men, dogs, drums, &o, joined together,
made a very respectaile noise) We could hear
something that sounded like a great drum com-
ing nearer steadily. Now and then the wind
walted the confusion of sounds down upon us,
bringing increased Volume with tt; and we were
ableto distinguish the beating of gongs, the
ringing of belie and even the shrill yelling of
the boy,s who formed more than 50 per cent. of
the Boxers and who are always placed in front
in an envagement by the cow:rdly men. 1 was
very much excited and was very happy as long
asacha:ce ot a fixht was imminent, but the

atek-ep rT, poor man, was very white and
tightened. didn't realize until we seomed to
be actually favor-d with an attack what it

might mean to the po. r Chinese,

“rt wasa beautiful night. The silwery and
almost fullmoon lit up the treesand buil ings
with asoftclearleht, amost as bright as de
but without that glare so annoving and so well-
knownto reside: n China. Gradua'ly toe
sound began to die away. The moon, reaching
her zer ith, shed her peaceful light over tne
scene, now quiet with the exception of the dis-
tant rollof the wa chman’'s rattle, and the far
off and cecasional crack of the guard's rifle.
sienifying ‘all's well

“Aatter taking aturnup and dewn the road
past ouv compound with the,United States
martne potroliing there, we turned in and spent
a perfectly teaceful and restful, though s me-
what neht. All's wed the morning,
though Lexpect there'll be another alarm to-
night) Theetory that there were 2,000 Kuiswians
4! Peivaibo is amyth, though there s: ome pros-
peet of then landing there, and the Chine e are
uneasy. The story of troops going to Tong- hue
is asso a fabrication

“Wednisday, June 13,
went to the train to meet the people from
Tshunheu. While over there before the train
arrived wa hada talk with two
marines who had come down for supplie-again.
They have come back twice now a yiodus
ofa batuethey bod with the Boxers When
they got eigh! miles the other side of Loh Fah,
they had to stop and a@t men to work to repair
the track where it as torn up

“The Boxers onened fire on the repairing men.
wher-at the British threw out an advanced
cuard, then with a large force of b uejackets,
turne | thei: flank and pushed them across the
track righttoward the body of Americ ns, who
formed the je" flank, and passed the Kussians
who formed the centre of the fighting line. The
marines said we let ‘em have it They began
to break ardrun, pursued by the whole force
with guns and rifies ihe Boxers would run a
Little while, then turn around and ‘bow’ to them

  
 

short,

Yesterday noon we

 

eta a

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.

United States |

rere

“ “

on their knees; the allies would run @ little
while, then stop, turn their guns around and
give them a dose, take the guns and run again
and then give them another pill

“The Borers were quite brave, coming within
forty vards, sometimes, of the rifles, but they
were cut to pieces and broken. They lost be-
tween @ and 100 killed ‘These two marines
brought down five wounded, one of whom die
on the way They oll fast bewged to have
their heads cutoff. ‘The other four arein the
Government Hospital. A good many of them
were armed with firearms and some were very
welmounted Some people think these were
Chine @ soldiers.

"We have hearda good deal from, reliable
Chinese of certain magic red lights which the
Boxers make to go up and down in the air, not
like rocketa, but ligh 4 going up to heaven, a«
one of then! expressed {t,and slowly coming
and going againand agsin without going out,
The liahtsare made to perform by Boxer inagic
Last nieht Mr. Martin, my-elf, Mildred, Agnes
and Edith, all climbed uponte the ridge of the
house to see the lights was the first to see
them. ‘Lhey turned red agd green and jumped
aroundand danceda goo! deal. On: waa In-
tensely red. There were five or 8!x of (hem.
“Bdward Lowry, who went up on. Sunday
with the armored train, as they called it, came
back to-day, a8 one and a hai miles of track
were pulled up and they were stuck. He
brought a lote t news, some of which may not

be true. The propert of the British iegation at
the Western Hill has been burned ond a time
has been set for ours. The Russians have

landed 1,700 more men at Taku. There is great
danger of the Russians Joining the ay
The Americans and the British have been doing
ail the work so far

“Even the English say that Capt. McCall, the
ofMfie'r in command of the Americans, ts the
best man in the expedition. In Pekin they have
the gates abut and guns onthe wall pointed at
the legations. The ltallane, who were stand-
ing on guard near the armored train, got @
great scare near midaight. The whole party
on guard ran pelimell for the train and f irly
tumbled into their car, a0 frightened were they,
and, as it afterward proved, at nothing at all,
a+ no Boxers were inalght

“Thursday, June 14-—The Russians have
landed 1,800 more men and are sending 1,000 up
the line It looks like business, though we
can't be sure how they are going to act. A tre-
nendous amount of not -eand the firing of guns
in the clty woke Mr. Martin up during the
night. It looks as {if the Boxers meant busine 4,
too, They are growing all the time The guns
{n the forts bere, one just opposite Gordon Hall,
on the right bank of the river, and another up
toward the city, ars trained ont ie settlement.
They are good ones ond of the latest patiere.
It has been suggested that inc se of an attac
it would be wisest to capture the fort across the
river tinumedia‘ely and move into that iostead of
Gordon /iall, whch would be soon demolished
be the guna of the fort
“The nis#iovaties on our miselon premises in
Pekin have fortified the chapel, provisioned
it with food and water, taken preca itionary
measures against fire and are living in the
chapel. The prot erty of all the foreign Powers
at the Western Hill has been destroyed, The
freoch are barricading their streets with baga
of earth The British have rapid-fire guns on
the ‘bund’ and sentinels all arcund. It is begin-

ning to look more serious The B rere are
spreading rapidly south again. There are
thirty-cigt war vessels at Taku Men are

being landed almost every hour. Our Pekin
missionaries have sent a cablegram appeal to
Presiuent Mechiniley; long may he live. We
don't forest our beloved country even out here,
On the contrary weare the more patriotic
have two Old Glories flying high above the
tallest tree in the yard. News has just been
received that the German legation is burned
and the German Miniater, Baron von Ketteler,
s been murdered,
There are 600 Russians here with tig guns.
They boast that they will be the first in Pekin
yet. Prince Tuan, av y anti-foreian offictal,
has been placed at the head of affairs. Lhey
say that Fun -fu-hsaiang has just been bag-
ging toturn the Chinese soldiery on the for-
elgaere, Tung isan anti-foreign Generel With
Prince Tuan placed at the head of affairs he
may get permission to fulfil his petition. — If so,
we're almost sure to be massacred The Boxers
paraded the streets in the native city to-day
and we are to be attacked by them to-night,
“Friday, June 16.--1 wasup this morning at3
o'clock. 1 had been in bed abcut four hours
when I was awakened by alight tapping at my
window. It was a Coristian from the native
city who bad promised father to tell him when
the Boxers were going to make their grand
descent uionus Hebroughtthe news of the
burning of three chapels in the city the
Chinaman who came to te!l us slipped through
the water gate as the big gates were closed
“Yesterday there wa. po train down from the
allied foroes up the line. They had been
attacked again, and considerabie anxiety is felt
on their account, They haven't enough men to
perform the task set for them There were
nine fires burning to the east of us this morn-
ing. Our ch pel, just south in the native city,
{the Boxers who are trying to
burn it wo hundred Russ ans have bean
‘lost.’ Nobody :nowa where they are. There
are three boats on the river armed with quick-
firing guns, prepared to capture the fort east
of uS on & moment's notice, There are two
quick-fir.ng guns at the ‘Temperance Hall and
several on the ‘bund’ Twenty-one moe
Americans, with another rapid-fire gun, arrived
They are at the American

 

is in the pages °

here this m rning
Board just above us
“baturday, June 16—A thousand Sikhs came
in yesterday. There ara 10,000 Jara at Taku
and fourtransp: risof Americans from Mania
are expectad s.tysoon We divided last might
into 'hree wateohes. Lhad been asleep just an
hour anda half when we were allawskened by
Mr. Martin. He had been startied by te flight
of the shelis. The crackle of » allarms followed
quickly, We got Up 686 Grose d and went on
to the bousetops. hroe fires were burning and
every now end then we would hear a voiley
‘The station wasin the hands of the Rus-
sians. The Hoxers, to the numberof « thou-
aand, attacked it with badging torches. The
telegraph wires were cut and they endeavored
to burp the depot buildings The Ru-stans
were prepared, however, and shot down large
numbers of them. North and west of here a
gvod many Boxers were killed by the Ameri-
ean: anc Germans. Atovetinerix fires were
burning A great majority of the siain were
bovs. The atreets are deserted. All the shons
are closed Everything nointsto an attack
goon We anticipatea lively time to-night
Things began to quiet down after the fight and,
avout? 30 A.M, we turnedin. We were all up
again by 6. The arm was sounded several
times during the nicit, The Americans were

 

greatly incensed against Mr. Bryson and Dr
Sritth for routing the whole of them out every
tin they got scared At last ordera were

ae ed to arrest Dr. Smith tf he again disturved
then,

“Our worst enemy, Gen. Tung Fu Helang, is
rumored to bein town with his soldiers if «
unless reénforecements are sent us, I'm afraid
we re done for, as we have not enough men to
cope with sold ers and Boxers too tn armed
witha revolver anda carbine: wone of us ts
ti eleast bitafraid. 10 P. M,-- We have sent all
the necessities in trunks and valises donntown
to. place of safety, hi our refugees are down-
town ina‘godown.’ Weare ready to leave at
a moment's notices, none of us having taken «ff
our clothea. It is vary dark out and the moon
has not yet risen. The thing were most afraid
of is fire, The Boxers will not begin until it or
12 when the moon willl eup. Moat of the folks
are lying down. I have my hat on. My re-
volver and ammunit on are in my belt; my rifle
is within r-ach. Tam toawaken Mr, Marto tn
an hour, News comes thatthe Taku forts are
being tombarded

“Sunday, June 17. 7:39 A. M.-Good news! The
Taku forts are taken! Thatis al. we have so
far. I went to sieepabout 12 0'clock last night
and woke upabeut 7 this morn ng. We were
not disturbed during the night. I was very
much surprised, asf thought the Boxers were
sure totry andset firetous. I nave found out
that 2,000 were brave enough to come down,
but the Japanese got right on to them and sent
them hurling back into the city again. They
wavethe ‘invulnerobles’ thirtecn good rounds,
At the gate the Cossacks foined in the tun,
They chaa-d them through the streets and I
suppose are still parading around for the bene-
fit of the Boxers.

“sP.M.—There ie a food deal of she ling
going on. We can hear the tremendous boom,
then te who-o-o-of of the shella as they pass
The direction wae at firat from the depot to the
northeast. Nowitisfrom the northwest We
do not know who are doing the firing, whether
it is Tong-fu-lhsalog, who has really arrived

 

BREAD DYSPEPSIA.

The Digesting Element Left Ont,

Bread dyspepsa is common. It effects the
bowels because white bread is nearly all starch,
and starch {s digested inthe intestines, not in
the stomach proper. Up under the shell of the
wheat berry, Nature has provided a curious
deposit which Is turned into diastuse when it is
subjected tothe saliva and to the pancreatic
juices in (ve human intesiines

This diastase is absolutely necessary to digest

starol and turnit into grape sugar, which is
enextform: but thatpart of the wheat berry

makes dark t!o rt, andthe modern miller can
not readily sel. dary flour, so Nature's valuavle
digesto: is thrown out and the human s°stem

moust pandle the store

as best it can, withou
the velp that Nature RGU

ntended

Smal wond r that wppendicit’s, peritonitis,
constipation, and ali sorts of trouble exist,
whet Wego oc trary to Nature’slaw. ‘the

food exerts that perfected Grane-Nuts Ford
knowing these facts, mace ue, in their experi:
ments, of the entire wheat and, barley, includ-
ing ml the parts, and subjected tiem to mois-
ture, end lone continued — armth, which allows
time and the proper conditions for developing
thed Ostas, outa.cle of the human body,

in this way the starchy part is tra sformed
Inte grape sugar ina perfectiy natural man er
without the ue of chemicais or any outs:de in-
eredients., The little spar. ling crystals of grape
& varcin be seen on th plee + of Grape-Nuts
This food there ore is naturally predigested and
its use in place o) bread will quic ly correct the
besthat have been trought sbout by the
reuse of starch in the food, and that is
common in the human race to-day

 
    

 

ver
The effect of eating Grape-Nuts ten days or

two weeks. and the discontinuance of ordinary
white arsed, la very goarhed The user will
gain rapidiy in strength and physics -
sain ranidly ia physical and men

 

 

-

|

 
     

with his troops and fs shelling the settlement |
reparatory for a descent upon it, or whether
fhe Russians are repelling an aitock on the
station by the Boxers, There seers to be no
especial noise or con‘usion, simply this boom,
boom. boom of the shelling. Maybe we are
taking the fort on the other side of the river,
All js dark. Every now and then @ volley of |
amail arma is distinguishab.e i

"News hascome. "he Chinese are trying to
burn us out. The Russians are Oghting up by {
the rivernearthecity, The guns are on the |
city wall. ‘The firing is getting nearer &av
P M.-Allis quiet now, though this 4 (ornoon
the shelling g t so Dad that we took amma
and the girls down to the house of Mrs. Draw, |
wife of the (ommiasioner of Customs, The
fort across the river has been taxen and the

una destro.ed The lons in killed was one
tritish marine, two Britlsh bluejackets and one
German biuejacket, The loss in wounded Is
unknown. Among the Chineso the loss ts
heavy \n arsenal to the south of here has
been fired andthe half million cartridges with |
which it was stored exp.oded the greater part
of the afternoon

“Several buildings have been hit during the
afternoon by & nehshells, This ts the firat
time I have been under fire and 1 can say truly |
that Lhave not been in the least partole afraid.
Poor mother has been very much unstrups, os |
her strength has been giving out, Tam writing
this from our house, though we are prepared to
leave, To the north of us ts one great semi-
elroular line of flane; the fire was set by the
Ainericans, Asone of themraid: ‘We can beat
the Boxers eetting fire to bulluings' To-njcht
the Ameriqnge are Aging, to take the western
arsetial and des roy it by fire

“Fr day, June 22.—I have been so busy that I
have not had time to write for fourdays All
our family has been living at Mrs. Drew's, as
our house is now outside the line. Wehnve
been shelled regularly; though. the nights are
quiet. Tuesday we spent in barricading the
settlement with camel's wool, We have also
prepared bomb-proofs in onse the shelling ee's
more dungerous. Only one shell has struck the
house so far. Our mission house -and the
chapel have been struck frequently I believe
our losses are rather heavy, though oonsider-
fog the number of sbots fired by the Chinese
vi ry fow have been kil.ed or wou ded ,

“An improvised hos: tial has been established
andisafarfrom full. Indeed, our dead have ex-
ceeded o'r wounded. Bullet: are thick on the

 

all around us and etriking the trees constantly
We are getting so that we pay very little alton
tion to them any more. We have beon besieged
now for five days and there is no news of reen-
forcements, thoug! wa have sent two messen-
Papa haa been struck twiee, but
1 quite envy him
Thore {4 news that the relieving
Gordon Hall. It is

ers to Taku.
y spent bullets.
“oP. Al,
force is in sight from
unored that they are figliti @ their way in

his accounts for the distant firing all dav
hop: itistrue. We have had an exceptionally
qulet day. They vay they have all inoved out
to oppose the advance of the army from Pekin
In the region of the station and on the plain,
breaatworks of Chinese
We Reve word of a quar-
The later

little heaps and
dead are discernible
rel between the Boxers and soldiery 1
obarge the former with having got then into
the scrap’ and then letting the bravs «oldlers
do all the fighting If the brave Boxers are so
invulnerable, say the sidiers, why don't they
lead an attack! Just so

“Saturday, June 23.- Our hearta were glad-
dened this noen by the sicht of the long-honed-
for reinforcements. F rat $00. British saiior
from H M8 Terrible camein hot, dusty an
very much worn out. Two or three cctnpantes
of the Hovg Kong Welah Fusiliers followed
‘hem. Then eame one ortwe companies of the
United States Marine Corpa with
fl ing at their head. My! but we did
them. They, too, were very tired A
regiment of Chiness subjects from Wel-hal-wel
arrived to-day also, We moved back to our
nome this afternoon to find three shell holes. i
the wall, itis much quieter here and we fee
much better, though food I+ very scarce.'*

 

cheer
Britiah

FELL WHILE DENOUNCING HUMBERT.

New York Italian Soctalist Stricken Before a
Large Audience in New Haven.

New Haven, Aug. 18—Alfonso La Ricco was
stricken at the Musto Hall this afternoon just as
he was about to att)ck the memory of the late
King Humbert of Italy. La Ricco suffered a
stroke of apoplexy. He isat the hospital
and the doctors say he will die before
morning La Ricco, who i a
New York Socialist, was brought here by a
trick to deliver a supposed eulogy on King
Humbert before the United Italian Scoleties
The Italian priest refused toallow the meet ng
to be held in any of tie churoles, La Rico's
friends there'ore secured Music Hail

An audience of 2.00) wee present.
speaking in Itaiian, opened hi. add-esa on
the glories of way After speaking
fifteen minutes 18 suddenly began
to attack the memory of King
Humbert. He had only uttered a few sentences
when he fell to the floor l\ikeadead man, The
meeting broke up iwatumuit. Tne loyal Ital-
fans denounced La Riceo and declared that it
yes che band of Justice that struck

own.

La Ricco,

for

him

DR. COOMBS'S TERM UP.

The Former Corcner Will Re Freed To-morrow
if His Fine of 81,000 Is Paid.

The term of former Coroner Edward B.
Coombs, who was sentenoed to nineteen months*®
imprisonment in the Kings County Peniten-
tary, will expire thie morning. but as no pria-
oners are discharged on Sunday, he will not
regain his Uberty until to-morrow and then
only providin the fine of $1,000 which wai Im-
posed by Justice Keogh of the Supreme Court
asa part of the sentence is paid 6 will have
to serve an additional day for every dollar that
is not paid. Warden Hayes of the penitentary
said last night that he had not heard of any

reson volunteering to pay Dr, Coombs's fine

t is aaid that his couneel will apply to Supreme
Court Justice Lambert to-morrow to remit
the fine, inasmuch as his client has served one
year and seven montha

Dr Caombs was indicted,
vioted of presenting a Tals and fraudulent
bill amounting to $2,782.50 fo
were never held. Under the old law the com-
poneesen of the Coroner was 88.50 for each
nquest held. Coroner George H. Nason

ARMED LUNATIC AT LARGE.

Shot at the Man Who Was Taking Him to the
Hadson River State Hospital,

MATTEAWAN, N. Y., Aug. 18.—Harry N. Han-
cock, aged 22, escaped to-day at Poughkeepeie
as he was being taken to the Fludson River
State Hospital. Hancock ia said to be the vic-
tim of a strong drug. Up toa short time ago
he was a medical! student tn St. Louisa, but re-
cently he returned here to the home of his par-

euts, Mr. and Mrs, Cyrus J. Aancock. A com-
mission adjudged young Hancock insane
and he reached Poughkeepsie onthe

140 train, guarded by an attendant. They
alighted at Tolan's roadhouse, about half
a mile southt of the asrlum When Han- |
cock came out of the hotel he flourished a re-
volver, aimed it at the attendant and dis-
charged five shots, but none of them took ef-
fect. The attendant beat a hasty retreat,
as he had no revolver to defend himself. Han-
foe escaped {nto a thick wood and is still at
arge

 

THROWN FROM A CAR AND KILLED,
Permit to Open a Grave itn the Pocket of a
Woman Unidentified tn the Morgac.

A young wonian was kilied by falling from an
Am: terdam avenue car at Sixty-eighth street
and the Boulevard just before midnight last
night. She was standing up ready to get off the
ear, which was going north, when it stopped |
suddenly, throwing hertothe pavement. Hor
skill was tr cture, and she died before the
arrival of an ay bulance

The woman was about 28 vears oid,
dressed i) roourning. In
police found @ perinit to
vary (Cemetery, marked
Section 19, Range 2."
the Morgue

She was
her pocketbook the
open ae ave a Cal-
e arave 22, plot AA,
The body was tuken to

SON'S A COP AND FATHER OBJECTS.

Slashes His Wrist With a Razor Because He
Thinks the Family's Disgraced,

Policeman Lue. found an o!d man slashing at
his wrist with a rezorin Bryan’ Park at 1
o'clock this morning. Hetook the old man to
the station, where th? sergeant asked him why
he jad utteraupted suicide

“Because iny son has disgraced me," replied
the old man I ga him a good education
and now he has dias raced th» famuv by joing
the police force. He is

I detailed at the West
Phirty-seventh street station’
The prisoner said he was Henry C. Shatten-
'

 

kirk of Paterson, N. J

 

Fell From Ils Boat and Was Drowned.

Boston, Aug. 18. Royce Hall, 21 years old,
of Lawndale Terrace, Jamaica Plain, was
drowned while canveing on the Charles River
near Norumbega Park this afternoon. Hell
was out with two young women and it is thought
he was seized with a fit, lost his balance and

fell overboard. As he weighed 200 pu
and waa unable to help himself, he cake tae
mediately ‘The two young women were badly
frightened, but were not upset inte the water
They were assisted to the shore and sent to
their homes

 

Prof, John Craig to Go to Cornell.

Ames, Ia., Aug. 18 --Prof John Craig, head
of the department of horticulture tn th ’
State Agricultural College, has resign ase
cept a similar place in Corneil University.

!
groundall around) Wecan bear them whistling

‘Old. Glory’ |
noted |
|
|
|

tried and oon-,

|
r inquests that |
|

was
also indicted, but he was not brought to trial
|
}
|
|
!
!

Three
Meals

gl Se:
SSS
DVO Baas

auc
Se

MT

<<

Vn Wy
PS Yi
VUNG O
LN aan 9
Lh tL LL Ls

(LLM

How many years of her life does @
nd over the hot cook stove
getting those three meals a day? Back
aching, head throbbing, nerves twitch-
ing, it's all the same, there are three
meals a day to be prepared. Dr. Pierce's
escription cannot
woman's labor, but it can and does im
It cures those dis
eases of the womanly organs which um
dermine woman's vitality.

prove Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre
“highly as a tonic for tired, worm
out women who are afflicted with female weale
Holmes, of Cedar
"It has helped me very much
a skiljful physician once said to me ta
answer to my question as to its efficacy, 1 know
of cases where it has really worked womdera’'®

Th. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets d

wotnan §

Favorite

crease her strength,

“I cannot
sctiption too

ness,” writes Mre. Ira W
Rapids, lowa.
an

 
  

re-act upon the system. They are a

isa

thing to keep in the house.
axative, two a cathartic dose, The

medicine fom every womaa.

 

SULLIVAN AND BURNS DRAW.

They Put Up a Fast Twenty-Round Bout at

the Greenwood A. C.

Tommy Sullivan of Brooklyn and Johnny
Burns of New York for ght twenty fast rounds
to a draw atthe Greenwood A.

The men agreed to weigh
ring side.

to 80,

Cc

¢ ‘ Peliet*

gerald looked after Burns's Interests,

Burns started the first round with a oouple ef
stiff jabs to the mouth, which shook Sullivan ap
a bit and made him hold on in the clinches
New York boy continued h's aggressiveness in
the secondand third rounds, sending fn both
Sullivan cocasi nally put
always got
a hard

hands to the mouth

{n a body blow, but Burns
back at him Burns landed
one on the aw soJuat’— b-fore

gong sounded
jnonth kidneys

surprised Sullivan.
in the fifth round

withright. Burns

Both men fought fret in the
next round, Sullivan putting some hard blowa
Burns retaliated with quick
left-hand jabs to the face and
Johnny ianded hard bl: wa
Sullivan always came back
stroig, however, and hammerrd the ki neys
tag ‘ered Sulliva

mout

hard one on the jaw just before the bell

The
rounds

mon strugel d fast
with honors about

in th
even,

fought foul in the eighth round,

rush, but Burns
ab to tie mouth

wit «4
gireleht

taking advanta.e,
WAS severely

again

the trick. Faon
fifteenth round,
dec’ ded adv ntage

Afr dLevy of New
meet Wil ie Lewis of
atii5 poun

men
neither

shane, eo "Chick" Tucker

Levy got the decision. The second
brought together Tooimy Feltz of Brooklyn
and Tony Lewis of New York

acheduled to go ten rounds at 105

Fel'z was five pounds over weight.

decision

Halliday Outp.ints McFadden at the Pellean's

Show.

In the star bout atthe Pelican A. C. last night
Kid McFadden of 8 in Francisco fought Georgo
rounds at 115 pounds, at the
He forced

He -cor

Haliday twenty
ring ide

man

Haliday got the decision

the pace from the tap of the gong

knook-down in the third round with a right
hand swing to the jaw and only for the bell he
Both fought hard
fourtenth
iis man down
McFadden

might have finished hia man
up to the tenth round

for another full count

manout Heswune
McFadden down for anotie
day had things all his own

The frat bout broveht
New York and
were dow’ for ten
pout ds The bout was
ourth — round by the

In the
round the New York boy sent
After that
bean tohold bit; own and surpmeed Hal!

with well directed jabs to the ace and mouth
In the last rourd Haliday tried hard to put his
hard to the

ull ¢

way fo
the round nnd the referee eave him thy
out dack Sul iv
Al Carey of Brooklyn
roune

BLOL

oles

re eres deciared Carey the winner

of New York
York, in tie next bout for
pounds
other

in the preiimir ary

bou

e

Burns

They were
pounds
He got the

chin and

~ount
ri

is at

ped

soheduied for ten rounds ut 122 pounds

won on points

McGovern and Jordan to Fight.

The arrival of Jordan was immediately com-
municated to the matchmaker of the Twen-
Harris, McGovern's

The pair had a
te hour

tleth Century A.C. San

manager, was also notified

talk with Martin Dowlhng at a la

night and the matchmaker

Century club said he would
pugilists. Harris told
would fight the Engliehinan
to meet Dowling t«

for a battle

at the Garden on Aug. 27

‘

of the
fer a purse t
Dowling

an

mill to be for twenty-five rounds

‘Paddy's Market'' Stopped for Fear of a Rtet.

The police of the West Thirty-reventh street
allow the hucksters,
trucks line the sidewalks in Ninth avenue from
Thirty-elghth to Forty-fifth street on Saturday

niehta, to hold “Paddy's Market” as u
ifthe negroes
neighborhood came out to buy foudatuffa for

station would not

nicht. It was feared thit

Sunday and mixed with the er

be another riot I
shens

tnig it
butcher

in the nelahbor
precedented business in co isequer

° gr

that

d promired
night and arrange details
The affair will likely be
Jordan wanta the

owd

no orlas

hood did an un-

Three Children Drowned.

OSCEOLA, Mo., Ang. 18

east of Oseoola, were drowned yesterday
Veaubleau Creek. Mra. Danes was on
bank washing and the childran asked

mission to go into the water
ford where
shallow, but @ot into a hole and ai
The frantic mother rushed in
also and came near drowning

rected down to the
was very

were drowned

They were «

Three «mail children,
aged 4,9 and 11 years, of James Danes, residing

the

Uncle Jimmie'’s One Regret.

From the Cynthiona Democrat

102 yearsod. ife hae
of coffer a day
been addicted to tobace +

now be 110 or 115 years old

 

     

   
     
 

lteettios ale
way oo andgr

om the system
Most refres 1

 

Uncle Jimmie Herrington «f

Stops the ache by removin

ben using
tobacco for mnete yoarsand dri xs hissix
fe claims that

offending mattert

stomachs
New Sine. 2
At druggists, or mailed on receipt of price

TARRANT & CO., {ht New York.

ths county
long gfe

f he had:
and coffee he m

~ Stomach Headache

R}
r J)

 

lightes

Oo D

last night.
122 pounds at the
The betting favored Sullivan at 100
Sullivan was hand! d by Andy Walsh
and Al McMurray. Billy Maclair and Sam Fit»

next two
Sulliva:
He open
pulle! him up with
Sullivan then bitte
urns. The referee did not see this and Sullivan,
butted
enuti ned by the referee, who
said he would disqu ify him if he reneated the
R fought hard up to the
having any
The result was a draw
York was se heduled to
Vrooklyn for ten rounds
Lewis was not in the best of
was su! siituted

 

 

and
fom Daly
ouebt Bob) Waters, also of N
ten rounds at i22
The result was a draw
Jack Curley of New York fought Kid Cullen
They were

Twentieth

devided

 

 
  

==

vo.

foru
of

con
of h

of

att
2:25.
sho
ev
J 0
hav
the é
inre
Ww
eve
prisd
soln
and

ger
this
tion
ant
Frat
and
from
wro
on t
offle
Sr

sion
it la
ahu
but
ney
able
cline
or n
favo
of Jd
calle
Wh
was
there
resul!
fla lit
awa
men
ex
Noe!
Cap
ble oq
Broa

Lark

noun
eur
When
if re
have
tay b
dealt
th 4
action
said
cole
Finle
would
turne
this
Gov

mF

a d
arriv
man |
they |
imprr
a tou
Christ
like o
reser
Clain,
fats,
men @
Lou's
got &
and t
more
Endea
The
Mr.
excur
got a
the ¢
throw
guide
wm m
hey
me ae
day
stead
heen
pocke
gry...
not be
been |
from
Bos ©
aboar
eou it
A re
gity s
euyvo
Heve
it coul
agenc
the Ma
tered ¢
caused
th: rep
ennui
and lx
ap, e@

MARR
Kr. WwW.

Yo
in this
was )
to Mi
aeen
port.
name,”
elopem
knew
their oa

Miss
B. bun
Chest g
Sever
of Mou
she lef
tion of
he wi
moved
divorce
had b
Do toe

Mr
the r
charge
which
tines
Youn
Gun ¢
Helga

Many

Somr
attend
on Thu
Dtomat
believed

Bever
tow's
festival,

db ywiet

sufferin,
urine

thed.ca'
vill thy
Rebt a

© iptio
At Bete
Who hadi
‘ak n iil
sufferin,

Waa ob
<1