|
|
|
;

~ ee

PARI

on

oo

<n

ee or ee:

A EE tS Se

— ee
Pe LTE SPO ELE FOTO PPLE OC I LT

  

 

ee

he LE LO CE Le

a tether

 

THREE ROUTES TO PEKIN,

DarriceLTinsa with which THE
ALLIES ARE CONTENDING.

 

Bnconventonces of the Trip to Tlentsin by Boat
—Worse Lot of Him Who Travels by Land
~Eaperiences With Mad and Dust That
the Chinese Greatly Prefer to Railroads,

Copyright, 1000, by 1. T. Headland.
Therets no other elghty miles in the world to-

Gay which Is attracting #0 much attention asthe |

eighty miles of space between Tlentain and
Pekin, and it ia the problem of transportation
and travel over thie eighty miles that ta en-
grossing the experts of Furope, America and
Japan. Hannibal and Napoleon crossed the
Alps, but [ doubt ff that was a feat which re-
quired better engineering or more endurance

than would be required to transport an army |
from Tlentain to Pekin during the months of |
hand Pekin a good pact of nine months, and the
' latter the lurwer part of the other three
| other three nonthe are July.

July and August and a part of September
Winter's cold stimulates to greater exertion,
summer's heat only enervates Ciimbing
mountaina in winter fills men’s blood with
fire; wading through mud and water and mias-
mic swamps in the heat of summer filla men's
blood with malaria and saps away their lives. |
Food can be kept for a whole army in the cold
of the Alps, but it soon spoils on an August
day in the heat‘of a Chinese plain

The trip from Tlentsin to Pekin under ore |
dinary circumstances may be made tn three |
ways: first, by boat; second, by dirt road; |
third, by railroad, and as we have made the }
trip in all three ways, and at all seasons of the |
year, a description of how we made {t may
pot prove uninteresting |

Ab American in Pekin who wishes to be mar- ;
ried must either import the United States Con-
eul from Tientain or himself go to Tientain to
be married. We chose the latter method and
started from Tungchou on a bright day in the
early part of June. Tt was in the evening when |
we weighed anchor, which we did by unhooking
the anchor from the shore, the women of the
party in one boat and the men in another, The
wind was not quite fair and so our boatrmnen
coneluded to row rather than holst the sails
We travelled until about 10 o'clock when we |
dropped anchor by hooking ourselves to the |
bank out in the open country, The next morn- |
ing the wind was blowing so strong as to make
ft almost impossible to travel, but we insisted
upon moving and offered extra money for extra

work About 10 o'clock, however, the wind |
was $0 strong as to make it impossible for us
to round a particularly sharp curve, and we

were blown against the bank, where we remained |
three days and nights, the wind blowing a gale
and the air filled with clouds and dust so that
we could not see a distance of a hundred feet
We shut our boat up tight and concluded to
walt for the storin fo pass over All day it blew,
and the boats being full of cracks and holes
the dust and dirt sifted in on us from every
side. We went to bed, and in the moroing |
when we awoke we could not open our eves,
the eyelids being glued together with mud
cannot tell how my wife looked, but I know
was the most unattractive bridegroom that
ever looked into a mirror, We arrived at Tien-
tain, however, after four days and were properly
married in the presence of the Consul
We went to Corea on our wedding trip, land-
ing at Chemultpo on the dav the Japanese
anded their first troops. We remained at
Chemultpo two weeks and then went to Soul,
where we stayed two weeks, when we were
asked to leave by the secretary of the legation, |
the present Minister, Dr Allen We left there
@t sunset, and at 5 o'clock the next morning
the Japanese took the Corean King prisoner
We took passage on a river boat which was so
crowded that we had nowhere to sleep but
upon the hurricane deck, and when we arrived
Chemultpo we discovered that the steamers.
fad all been taken off to be used as transports
80 that we could not return to Tientsin
After two weeks, Capt. Rodgers of H.M_ 8 |
Archer offered to take us to Chefoo, and after |
two weeks here we returned to Tientsin
Now came the trip back t) Pekin We |
Rired a boat and started about 8 o clock in
the afternoon with a fair wind We pushed
or pulled ourselves with boathooks up through
the maze of barges and boats until we had |
passed through the second bridge of boats,
when we hoisted our sail and started on what |
romised to be the first pleasant sail of our |
Ronermoon, Soon we dfeooy ered that the
whole country was flooded, and just after we |
seed the native ciy of Tientsin the boatmen
ft the river course and turned off on a branch |
which had formed a deep stream in an old road. |
. The Chinese have a saying that “an |
old road will become a river and an old woman
@ mother-in-law,” and we found the first half |
of the proverb to be Iiterally true
After passing away from the main bed of
the river for a little distance we found the whole
country was flooded, and it was not long until
we were sailing throueh a cornfield. As the
gun went down in the west the moon came |
up in the east, and we continued to sail, very
much on faith, for we had no compass, until
nearly midnight, when we dropped anchor,
still in a cornfield The boatmen went to bed
my wife went into the cabin and I stripped
and plunged into the water, the first and only
ti TI have ever taken a swim in a cornfield. |
"The next morning the wind continued fair
nd we continued our sail, the water gradually
coming shallower as we neared Tungchou,
and we confined ourselves to our old roadbed
On the third day out I saw what struck me
at the time as a rather remarkable sight. An
old man and his son had been out in a boat
trying to harvest some of their corn and were
on their way home with a beatioad. They
came floating in from a side road. and as ther
came into our larger road stream, the old man
with a rope around his body, plunged Into the
tream and swain across, towing the boat after
im, and when he got to the opposite side, he
used the rope to pull his boat up the stream
When we entered the main bed of the Pelho
iver we were within about twelve miles of
chou; in other words, we had called across
ots about sixty-eight miles, or following the
urse of the river, 108 miles, for by the river
fie 120 miles from Tlentsin to Tungchou.
It is always necesenry for peonle living In
from” to get an annual shipment of stores from

 

 

 

 

rom San Francisco. as canned foods cannot
got in Pekin except at greatl, advanced
rices, and ax our stores were at Tlentsin we
ad taken them with ua to Tungchou. When
we arrived here, however, we discovered that
pecguna of the bad roads and the Chinese-
apanese War, carts and even wheelbarrow
men were askir outrageous prices, and so
we left our'“bor” with the stores on the boat
and we sent a man from Pekin to get them,
reeling with him forsomuchahundredweight
Without going into a detailed account of all
the delays, diMeulties and aggregations, we will
niy state that it took thal man two weeks
fo transport our few atores -about three wheel-
barrow loads- from Tungchou to Pekin, a
istance of fifteen miles. This trip cost us
and four days’ time, and it is this kind of
avel that the Boxers and the conservative
Chinese are fighting for at the present time.

After such a desoription tt s unnecessary to |
comment on the difficulties that will confront |

European or American General who under- |

kes to transport an army from Tientain to
Pekin during the months of July and August or
part of September. In the first place he is
without boats. In the second place he is without

en to Greg. push row or sail his boata if he
fad them, and in the third place he has a con-

nding army to encounter who conlid harass
him on every hand and as a last resort could
atrand his boats Lf he had them -high, but not
dry, in the mud and sediment of some nnfriendly
corn field or malarial swamp, and the redcoat

d bluelacket, or Tommy Atkins and Billy
Plus, would be left to extricate themselves from

eir dilenima in disgrace and defeat

The Chinese have a saving that “men may
travel by dirt road or by water road, but the
water road is much the preferable" Tf what
we have just described is the best method of

vel in China one can «oagine the less desira-
le methods.

One of the Chinese Minist*rs in Washington a
few years ago in speaking o. the various meth- |
ods of travel said. “Yes, your floating palaces

Pullman cars are all rignt for rantd transit,

t for real solid comfort give mea Pekin cart.”

The Pekin cart is like @ larwe Saratoga trunk
on two wheels. The shafts extend out behind

oot and a half and form a platform on which

6trap one's bagwgage. As the mule trots
eart has a rocking motion backward and
orward similar to the motion one gets in riding
a camel. The cart is without springs and the |
eels are inade sufficiently strong to carry

e weight if they are withont tires. The tires
are put on in sections eighteen inches in length
and are only to keep the wheels from being worn
out on the ground. Add to this the fact that

nese never work on the roads, but that
@road is wherever the carts happen to drive,
nd you get some idea of the solid eomfort of a
nese cart. The passenger is bumped up
and down until he wishes his brain were resting
Upon a patent air-cushion, he is bumped hack-
ward and forward and from) side to side until
f he is not careful, his head will be pounded
into a Jelly or covered over with scars as though
ft had come in contact with John L. Somebody's
strong rightarm. The only way to «itin such
eart is to sit tailor fashion, in which case vour

t go to sleep and vour legs become crajaped

ou are compelled to arise at 3 o'clock in the
Perens and travel till about 9 or 10 without
reakfast and then get your breakfast in a Chi-
ese inn. Your bed at night in this Chinese inn |

s brick, and when yon arise in the morning
after having had nosuitoes buzzing about vour
ears all night, vou are Hable to wran in vour |
bedding three kinds of inseets whieh TE will not

take the liberty of manning further than to sav

that one is an acrobat, the other goes with the
bed and the third with the begear

a pares gay ‘ ve " must bump over these

athing in the clouds of alka} us

hich ts kicked up by your two ate te poe

by the mules of a cart or two just alicad

 

 

 

 

| the eye an reach and yon see nothing

| elling

| cars, the fare is $2.75.

| country

| walking stick,

| the most conservative estimate

—————————————— nr ie Rio

 
  

  

1, 60 that when you come into the Inn
pp neo 8 Troch head to foot with duat hs
way that would make @ coal Soiesr aa compared
with you a respectable looking guest.
Still auether method of travelling by dirt
road {« by mule-iitter, The tnule-iitter te a
sort of gedun chair awine between two mules,
one before and - other oehind. If you are
not ina nurry and nut atlevted hy sea-sick ness
it may seem to you tnat this method is better
than the cart, espectal'y If you have good mules,
If your mules howevor, ure (risky, one or the
other is luble at any moment te Jump out from
under his burden and disappear neross 4 grain
fleid, wagaing hia tall nt the passenger he bas
} fut left and vou are compeiled to wait until
your driver te able to reeanture and reharnenns
your snorting steed It vill be well for vou
| if you du not come down in anything worse than
| duet You are jiuat aa tiablo t) come down in
j the mud, or In-one of the shallow *treams
Laver which van must erosa as on terra rth

for fording ‘strall etreams lsoneof the peculiar

antipathies of the Chinese pack and litter winie

It should be remembered that one or Ue
other of two conditions exist on a Chinese road,

| Fither it is an ineh or two deep with dust or
4 foot or more deep with mine Che former
{@ the cundition of the road between Tientsin

These
Auaruat and Sep
tenber, As} have indicated in our bout trip,
vou may look out over the country as toh Be
water unless it be here and there a villnge o
mid hute built upon some natural or artiicial
Ienoll to and from which the Inhabitants are
compelled to @o in boats until the waters sub
side, and (t {9a condition of this kind in Shan
tung to which the present uprising is more ot
lege dine

There ore two other matheds of n.aking the
trip from Tientain to Pekin by dirt road. The
one ic by horse, mule or donkey Pack, and the
other ie afoot, | have known iInembers ef our
university In Pekin who, when going from the
city to the western nills on horseback, had to
dismount, strip and tw their clothing to thieir
porses’ hendsnndawin with their horses across
tha roads, which had turned into rivers,

In such a condition of affairs it is easy to
understand what would be the diMflculties of
inaking a trip to Pekin in the heat of August
by soldiers who are unaccustomed to a climate
in which a drenching rain comes up in half an
hour and one’s shoes are covered with a areen
mould over night, when they are  compelle
to carry with them their bedding and drag after
them nt the accoutrements of an army and be
prepared to resist the attacks of a hostile army
strongly intrenched and accustomed to all the
surrouudjog conditions, Those who criticise
the allied troops for saying it is impossible to

o to Pekin before September do not know
the existing conditions in north China,

The third method of going to Pekin from
Tientsin is by railroad. By rail we are able
to make the trip in from three to four hours
with all the comforts attached to railroad trav-
Second class the fare ia 75 cents, first
class twice that amount, and in the postal car,
which corresponds to our parlor or sleeping

And yet this is the methoc
the conservative Chinese are fighting, aa com-
vared with the other two I have just named.
Their practice, however, is better than their
theory, for when they wish to qotyom one place
to the other they go by train and not by boat
or cart, aod the railroad as @ consequence, in
spite of all the cheating done, has been payin
some 20 to 30 per cent, on the investment. O'
course, under the present conditions, it is un-
necessary to speak of this as one of the available
methods, for the railroad is more or less de-
stroved and probably could not be used until
wace js restored and the road repaired, It
I. folly to talk about the Chinese having burned
the large bridge at Yangtsun, because it is
made of iron and could not be burned. A few
of the crossties might be burned, but other-
wise it is fireproof. The smaller bridges over
amall streama and places where streams are
allowed to pase under the ratlroad during the
rainy season might easily be burned if the
Chinese could get other fuel to pile up around
them. But this is not an easy matter in a
where one may walk miles without
finding a piece of wood large enough for a
However, it ia certain that part
of the railroad and some of the bridges are
destroyed, and that when the allies wish to go
to Pekin they wil! have to go by dirt road,
the worst of bad methods of travel in China,

CANADA'S FOREST WEALTH.

Her Apparently Inexhaustible Supply of Sprace
Suitable for Pulp.

Ortawa, Aug. 17.—The award of the grand
prize to Canada for her forestry exhibit at the
Paris Exposition was not unexpected. The
exhibit is a collective one from the whole Do-
minion, and {ft occupies little more than 1,000
square feet of apace. Itis made up of a very
complete representation of the Canadian woods,
with the principal articles exported from Canada
in a semi-manufactured form. Of the 121
species of trees indigenous to Canada, twenty-
six are included in the exhibit, the remainder
being of small economic value or of rare oceur-
rence. No other conntry is ao rich in foresta,
and itis not surprising that the Canadian author-
ities bent all their energies in making this ex-
hibit complete in order to demonstrate to the
world this principal source of Canada's wealth.

Much attention was given in the endeavor

' to impress the Furopean paper manufacturer

with the importance of the pulp forests and
pulp {ndustries of the Dominion. This line of
enterprise is so new as not only to be of special
interest to such visitors at the French capital,
but its vast possibilities for this country are,
as yet, just beginning to be appreciated by
Canadians. Carefully prepared statistics and
information upon this subject have been col-
lated and printed by the Government for cis-
tribution from the Canadian section at the
Exposition

The Dominion census of 1881 first mentions
pulp mills, but it was merely the beginning of
the Canadian pulp and fibre industry. There
are now thirty-five important pulp and fibra
mills, some of the latest established being on a
gigantic scale, the largest having a capacity of
250 tona of pulp 4 day. The total output of
these mills ia now about 1,100 tons per day,
and the capital invested in the industry is be
tween $15,000,000 and $20,000,000, a consider-
able proportion of which {is from the United
States. This development has been due to a
epecially favorable combination of cireum-
stances. Not only is Canadian pulp spruce
of exceptionally good quality for paper manu-
facture, but the foresta are the largest in the
world, comparatively easy of access, and pos-
sess abundant water power. The supply in
Canada {s virtually unlimited, and the area of
growth may he regarded as almost conterminus
with the geographical boundaries of the Do-
minion. From the Labrador peninsula on the
east, and along the northern shores of the St.
Lawrence, the spruce grows abundantly, and
extencs over that great trangle between Hud-
son Bay and the Atlantic. Ontario hasan abund-
ance of pulp spruce, and ft stretches northward
almost to where the Mackenzie River flows
;nto the Arctio Ocean. On the Pacific const,
along the mountainous bays of British Colum-
bia, the spruce ts found more abundantly as
exploration is pushed northward. The Doug-
Jas fir, although partaking more of the nature
of balsam than spruce, is a good Rule wood
and the trees, towering 250 feet in the air, and
measuring from thirty to fifty feet in clroum-
ference at the ground, have marie the timber
of the coast famous

This torest growth, which modern science
has made so serviceable to man, is abundant
around James Bay and extends northward on
both sides of Hudson Bay, but receding a few
miles from the coast and reaching almost to
the shorea of Hudson Strait. on the eaat
and the Arctic channels on the west. The

reat peninsula of Labrador, a thousand miles
ong and about the same in width, larger in
extent than Great Britain, France and Ger-
many combined, abundantly wooded, is but a
very small part of Canada’s pulp spruce area

From a oelculation based on the forestry
reports of 1804 {it is estimated that about
40 per cent, of Canadian territory consists
of woodland and forests. It gives a forest
area of 1,490,000 square .miles, and if half
of that is spruce there are about 450,900,000
acres of pu wood in Canada By the
present methods of manufacturing news paper
a cord of spruce wood, or 660 feet hoard
measure, will make half a ton of sulphate or
one ton of Pround pulp. News paper stock
is made up of 20 per cent, of the former and 80
per cent. of the latter, It is estimated that
an acre of spruce contains, on an average
about 7,000 feet, board measure, and wou
make about five and a half tons of sulphate or
eleven tons of ground pulp.

If the production of ground pulp be esti-
mated at ten tons to the acre, there is the in-
comprehensible amount of four billion and a
half tons of pulp in sight In Canada. But this
estimate is below that of Dr. Bell, the explorer
of the Geojogical Survey of Canada, who places
the area of the northern forests of the Dominion
At 1,657,600,000 acres, If half of this is spruce
it would yield a@ total of %,250,000,000 tons of
ground pulp. Great Britain and the United
States consume yearly 900,000 tons of wood
pulp, which is the product of 90,000 acres of
spruce. If, therefore, the entire amount were
taken from Canada it would take lifty years
to exhaust the present supply according to
But as spruce
reproduces itself to the size best adapted for
pulp manufacture within a period ot thirty
rears the problem of exhaustion is evi leatly
in the very remote future as far as the spruce
forests of Canada are concerned. Although
Canada has already gigantic Pulp mills sup-
pir distant rarkets, the industry is still “4
ts infancy in this country and it is destined
to become one of the leading sources of wealth
iu the Dominion,

|
|

Mee

 

GAME EXHIBITS IN PARIS,

A FINK DISPLAY MADE BY THE UNITED
STATES,

 

The Show of the World's Resources in the Way
of Forestry, Fishing and Hanting~Cana-
dian Woods Toke a Prine— Wild Game
From All Over-Frenoh Art in Nature,

Copyright 1900 by V. Gribayedoff

Panis, Aya. iit was an admirable idea
for the exhibition authorities to group in the
same building the departments of forestry,
fishing and hunting. The same individual ts
not interested In all these subjecta, but at least
there is a picturesque appearance of kinship
between them all which makes the combined dir-
play extremely interesting and effective.

The building devoted to these subjects stands
on the right, or Champ de Mars, shore of the
Seine, right at the edgo of the Pont d'lena
and juts out conspicuously in the suberb vista
that is presented, looking from the Trocadero
toward the distant Chateau d’Eau. The struc-
ture inside is an enlarged and elaborate edition
of a forest shooting box and appears to be
entirely of hewn timber. The main entrance
is on the level of the wide promenade that con-
tinues in a straight line from the Trocadero
steps to the furthermoat end of the Champ de
Mara. Being built, however, on the slope of
the hill just at the water's edge the architect
designed a lower story which should be on a
level with the terrace bordering the river,
This plan afforded a convenient and effective
method of presenting the general exhibit,
further favilitated by the erection of an ex-
tensive gallery running completely around the
wide and long building

The interior aspect aa observed through
the capacious doorway tempts the passer-by
to enter, and when he enters his eye falls upon
such an interminable range of interesting things
most tnterestingly displayed that he Is not
likely to leave the huge palace until he has
made a thorough tour of it

|
Looking out, as if awalting the chance to dash

off into the open aftr of freedom, one sees here
a ble herd of deer, and there, peeping from
behind trees in a dense wood, wild bears, foxes,
wolves and the countless denizens of the forest.

The branches of the trees overhead are weighed |

down with winged creatures of every size and
race, some eye-davziing with their plimage
This is a sort of vestibule suggestion of the
many things within

‘The main area, running all the width of the
building and stretching back to adepth of about
125 feet, is occupied by the French exhibit
Naturally it is far and away the largest, but
is not by anv means the most varied or com-
vrelhensive. Thia is easily understood, indeed
tis a matter of surprise, that France, not much
bigger than one of our States. and occupied

by a population of thirty-six millions, should |

have any forest stretches at all or that there
should be any wild animals still left in a country
so overrun with the human species, The French
exhibit, however, is rich in samples of timber
and contains a varied representation of the
sea, river and stream fish of the country that
atones for the paucity of big and little game
Nothing if. not artistic. the French have
presented | heirexhibits inthe forestry, hunting
and fishing sections In a manner that captivates
all viaiters. At every turn one falls upon some
entrancing stage seiting, representing a densely
wooded corner of the forest of Fontatnebleau;
a Normandy fishing beach, a wild bear hunt
in Picardy, a group of sponge-gatherers cutting
the product fron the semi-merged rock in a
French colony, and Arcachon oystermen rowing
home after a busy day All these tableaux

represent their subjecta to the life, the eur- |

roundings enhancing the effect incaleulably

Then there are the latest things in the way
of fishing tackle (for, be it understood, three
out of every five Frenchmen of the elty and
country are ardent fishermen) and as fine a
display of game and varied implements of the
chag? as the most enthusiastic sportsman could
coniure in his sweetest dream

The timber exhibit_of France is displayed
in several fashions. Foctaraghe are shown
of the tallest, the stoutest and the densest trees
as seen in life. Huge blocks of wood are also
seattered artistically about to show
mensions of some French trees. And, to indicate
the surface polish and beauty of French woods,
a collection of several hundred species, cut in
the form and size of books, are shown back to
back-in a bookcase, precisely as if they were
component parts of a library,

The French exhibit probabiy occupied one-
eighth of the entire building and. unlike the dis-
play of any other country, has a space of the
same width and length on the two main floors,
and in the galleries overhead. France's well-
peloved Ruasia is, of course, her next-door
neighbor in the Forest Building. The Russian
Empire is appropriately represented, although
one looks in vain for specimens of the st e
animal races found in that huge land. 18
ravenous wolf, of course, is shown trailing his
lonely way across a trackless waste of snow;
and Russian bears, white foxes, &c.. add an
unusual character to the exhibit. Then there
are furs, infinite in variety and exquisite in
beauty. The collection of Russian woods, lent
by the Imperial Ministry of Agriculture and
Domains, seems limitless in variety. A_ fine
exhibit is also made of the Russian cork in-
dustry, a conspicuous feature being a Moscow
church made entirely of cork. A thoroughly

interesting exhibit {s also made of the grea
Russian fisheries. ermbracing odd processes o
artificial propagation of the sturgeon, besides
models of enormous establishments for pre-

serving fish

After the French and Russian exhibits, in-
finitely the best national displays are those of
the United States Japan. Sweden, Holland,
Hungary and Canada, Theexhibitsof England,
Germany, Spain, Austria meee. Denmark
and Roumania are far below the level of the
other countries, this being particularly
of England and Germany, which excel inmany
other sections of the Universal Exposition.

As usual the United States are well to the
fore, and are, indeed, almost unique among
the exhibiting nations in the respect that their
display covers with the utmoat impartiality
the three classes for which the bullding is de-
sicned, Once again they have been treated
with marked favor by the Exhibition author-
itles who have allotted to the United States
all the cirenlar space at the far end of the long
gallery, which, for area and prominenoe, sur-
passes that of nearly all the other countries

When the visitor reaches the American sec-
tion he is impressed with the excellent taste
and striking appropriateness of the decora-
tions and disposition of the exhibits. From
ceiling and the walla hang huge fishermen's
nets, Taplements of the chase, &c., and the
heads of antlered stags and big woolly buffaloes
add immensely to the general decorative design.
The walle are partiv wainscoted in representa-
tive American woods. The collection of Amer-
jean game lirde is the largest in all the
vast building, and there is a menagerie of the
animals of forest, mountain and prairie.

The piseatorial section is_ most complete
and interesting. The United States Fish Com-
mission is represented by a very comprehen-
sive exhibit. A model is shown of a 1g fish
hatehery on Lake Erle, and of the car of the
commiasion, filustrating the methods of trans-

yorting the living fish for transplanting, &o.
Rye commission also genes three large show
cases filled with models of every variety of
American fish, two-thirds of which, even edible
ones, are absolutely unknown to Europeans.

An admirable exhibit is also sent by the
State of Massachusetts in the shape of an
enormous model of Gloucester, represent-
ing the harbor, the wharves, buildings, flake
vards, marine railwar, &c., and lying in the har-
bor the different classes of craft employed
in the industry.

One large show case is devoted to a demon-
stration of the Atlantic coast lobster Industry,
showing the method of ne. the succulent
crustacean, and displaving a life-size model
of the biggest lobster ever caught off the New
Jersey shore, which is regarded by European
visttors as a species of sea elephant. A fisher-
men's outfit of twenty years ago Is shown fn
comparison with the devices employed by
him at this end of the century

The exhibit of American shotguns and rifles
is thoroughly representative of the chief manu-
facturers and dealers throughout all parte of
the United States, Many quaint or pictur-
eaque little details invest their display with
exceptional interest. One of these, for in-
stance, is a steel plate about fourteen inches
jong by eight inches wide, and @ quarter of an
inch in thickness, on which is shown the head
of an Indian chief. Upon investigation one
discovers that the outlines are perforated,
and a label reveals that the plate served as a
target at a distance of thirty-five feet, when
the artist-marksman blazed away at it with a
certain make of American rifle foaded with a
small caliber bullet.

One corner of the American section {js de-
voted to a display of woods from the United
States, shown by polished and unpolished
slabs, as well as by a series of photographs
illustrating the trees in their natural state
The pictures of the gigantic redwoods of Cali-
fornia are, naturally, a never-ending theme
of wonder to Europeans

Japan's exhibit, tice that of the United Btates,
is wonderfully complete in the several branches,
Her great national fisheries are elucidated
by a series of superbly colored plates, supple-
mented by a collection of extraordinary sea-
shells, among which is one of a Japanese oyster
that must have been as big as a year-old baby,
Even the most up-to-date American amate
fisherman would -find things to enlighten an
delight him in the collection of Japanese hooka,
lines and flies,

The woods of Japan are chiefly represented
by a variegated assortment of reeds and bam-
boo rods that are thoroughly typical of the
vegrtable growth of that far-away land

he piace de résistance of the Jannauese ex-
hibits, more conspicuous even than the display
of flowers and brilliant foliage, is the collection
of dead plumaged birds, that represent a be-
wildering number and variety. You can find
every color in the rainbow or the imagination
on the dazzling wings or bodies of those feath-
ered marvels; yet, somehow or other, the most
amazing of all appear to be the various races

true |

  

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

|

 

|

|
|
|

|

the di- |

|
|
|

 

'

|

 

 

Rae Oe, sth als Desigaladiatiaaltmetaea’
(Cat, oe uw UF v

7
sae

 

of white that fiy throu at land of
ne. ree apecimens e oH anow-
‘ sonamers are exhibited, the Hakee
untehie, about the size of a sparrow; the
iro Hato, which is almost as large a8 @ part-

r ; and the Maku Jushimatu, that doesn’t
to mudoh 4 er than a snowflake.

All of them are abso tals unflecked by a aingle

trace of darker — jiue, ‘
The Swedish exhibit ia devoted ohlefly to
a jonatration of the great timbersproducin,
character of that country, but it is present
ao pictureaquely as to attract. the at ention of
every one. The most conaplcuous. features
are large models of a great sawmill on the
const of the kingdom, Rowing the port, in-
coming lumber barks, the till. railway, work-
men's homes, &c., all very lifelike and natural
Another model representa a bit of Swedish
forest, peopled with tts northland birds
Holland's exhibit almost exclusively con-
cerns her aea fisheries, jilustrated by admir-
able stage settings showing the fisher-folk in
thelr ty pieal costumes, going about their datly
cecupations in thelr quaint way, Other mod-
establishment for salt-

els five a view of ab ,
ing orrings at Hardernii{k, and of an anchovs
packing iouse at Volendam. The Ministry of
he Interior also senda satroles of Dutch tim-

per and specimens of the game birds of the
ittle kingdom
Hungary's exhibit js arranged to show the
wild and interesting character of that country,
with its rich forests, through which stalk sayage
bears and timid deer, and Ita rapidly rushing
rivers filled with all varieties of fish, An un-
usual feature of the Hungarian display is the
facade enclosing the exhibits, on whieh are
huhg enormous collections of antlers and ant-
lerad heads, lent for the occasion by such il-
lustrious hunters as the Emperor Francis Jos-
eph, the Grand Duke Joseph Augustus and
Counts Frederic Weuckhelm and Dyomls Al-
masy.
Our neighbor, Canada, is most worthily rep-
resented In the Forestry Wuilding. Indeed,
from the collection of precious or serviceable
timbers sent, Canada makes much the best show
of all the competing countries. Not only br
rinta ia the Canadian limber richness shown,
ut by blocks, planks, slabs, and suitable bits
of furniture constructed from the representa.
tive timber. You are literally in a forest
wood, whose redolent odors permeate the whole
lace. Incidentally, some fine speciinens of
anadian big game are shown wandering
through the virgin woods or perched in the
branches of marmmoth trees
When the judges visited the Forestry Bulld-
ing they, like every visitor, ware most impressed
by Canada’s timber exhibit and that country
received the first prize for the forest products.
England's exhibit consists simply of imple-
ments of the chase and fishing; Spain's of her
wood and cork industries: Germany shows only
an ordinary collection of hunting guns; Austria
contents herself with an instructive exposition
of her forest and bird life and Srgiam shows
nothing but a collection of dreased furs

 

AUTOMOBILES IN MILITARY USE.

Experiments Prove That They May Be Used
Successfully in Many Directions in War.

The immense advantages presented by auto-
mobiles have had a great fascination for pro-
gressive military men, but there are great dif-
ficulties in the way of their practical appiica-
tion. Nevertheloss, all the great nations of
the world have studied this subject more or
leas thoroughly, in order to determine the field,
the extent and the limitations of thelr applica-
tion in military sefence and the art of war.

From the consensus of opinions the follow.
ing brief summary indicates the uses to which
automobiles may be put in war:

In the first place, they may be used for trans-
porting rapidly strong detachments from one
point to another, either in an advance to seize
important points, or in the critical stage of a
battle, to outflank the enemy or to pierce his
line. There are many difficulties in the way,
however, and the practical application in the
fleld is a problem that has yet to be solved.

In France experiments have been carried on
under a technical commission since October,
1897, and artillery officers are charged with the
duty of following the course of the practical
trials, with a view to determining what may
find application in the military service.

Burke the manauvres of 1808 the reservists
were authorized to use automobiles, and the
latter were thus subjected to test under the

  

mo TAN ARNT OF

 

ee ae eee . Chg ha nan amr = i oa is 7 ais. .
gmt Yet FN GoW

 
 
  
  

ace and @ few light anits of dungaree, with
; \p “1 eet etraw nate ia none too large 9n our
fit for a long yoyaue, A even wits t ne
stock a sailor will be lucky If he can gett proug a
a bad gale without sleeping in wet clothes, or
through a voyage without drawing on the cap-
tain's slop- chest,

It in contended
that American boys do not
of the treatment of «atlors

   

LIFE OF THE SHIPS’ BOYS,

THE MATERIAL FROM WHICH YAN-
KER MATES ARE MADE.

Exposed to II-Treatment on Deck If Not Be-
low--Hlardships of His Tratning~ Prospects

 

 

by those Interested in seamen
0 to sen on account
n Ainerican ships
They @o to sea in

w a Single This is only partly true E ’
e Promotion — Reasons ‘ aan Move, | larae nunibers, shipping and atowing away
oyage Satisfies Most Amer in sloops, achooners, brigs, barks and ships;

and there is a cadet syatem in foroe jn the mail
ateamere somewhat similar to theFnglish Ape
prentioe system which attracta a great many

| As long aa healthy and adventurous termpern-
inenta are evolved in our home and achool life,
boys enough to man every ship atioat will be
found ready to adopt this strenuous life Hut
fully two-thirds of those whose fate takes them

wermitted to enter the foree tle in the eep- waters mm e ser er
1 aboard d ater hip ul h 1 a
are not permi 4 n he f as , t t ft

watch below, for reasons connected with their comfort aud necessary hard work poenause
moral welfare ard future value as officers: | of the kicks, blows and curses given them, the
for they are the material from which the Yan- | epithets applied to them and the “driving

essary work for which they are kept
kee mate ie constructed, and as such must not | up in ther watch below. The rematning third

be handicapped by too strong asympathy th | are the thick-skinned bullies of the boys room;
men who must spend their lives forward and from this ae are arewe Se officers an
The protection of their morals afforded by captains of our deep-wa

their seclusion from the men, though strongly

f LAND,
insisted upon by skippers and owners, is not VALU ABLE FARM LAND

obvious. Sailors are a very ordinary ClA®9 | a.) sautard’s Quarter-Acre Ginseng Patch
of workingmen, being neither exceptionally Yields $25,000 This Year.
good nor bad, and their influence over boys From the St. Louia Republe,
in their company {s about the same as would Perhaps the most valuable quarter acre of
be that of other men living on shore, and will | 2g in the world Is situated in one corner
cat comer tae va haps and | Gigs ran ereen fs country eran
cers, 7: Po ‘ , Tex county, Mo. T
whose duties and ethics now require that they ri Ay vg aatah of ground tn 1900
be a little more brutal, cynical and profane | (. enough to pay @ 10 per cent, dividend on a
than are the men in the forecastle, Another, quarter of a million dollars. A rejected offer
and a very excellent and honest reason for | made for its product in 1901 was for a ‘um
giving the boys a room by themselves, Is that) Cimdent to pay a 10 per cent. dividend on
a tradition of seafaring, dating fromantiauity, | 4:1 coy An. offer of $100,000 cash made for
and similar to the fag system of English school® | 114 Ground was refused ax qiilckly as made.
makes it incumbent on the weaklings in the This patch of Missouri is planted in ginseng.
forecastle to do the menial work in the watch The country merchant who owns it is G. F.
a ae oat ery edinary ssemen | Millerd, who has lived in Texas county all hs
natio| , st fortune in the mer-
is in the forecastle he cleans up, fills the lamp, oo oe aoe | stock farming as
brings the meals from the galley, and offen |) aia, ine® and suffered a heavy loss, and
washes clothes for others — — = who then, although still continuing in the mer-
— It does — Deal bn \ as cantile business, took up the study and culture
shipowners were the ‘ M ~~ | of ginseng. He was prompted to try to raise
American owners flowing sult nthe consi | insane bacanse the Coiled States Department
on o " ‘re, rt a t * dally that cou
ing the excellent apprentice system which © a heen the United States.
makes {t possible for an English gentleman's | Mr, Millard has unlimited faith in Missourt
= become a ship's officer and remain a@ he thinks it has the finest soll and the beat
gentleman, t te rate zone. When he saw
But, though a boy tn an American ship fs tm- Sie es besarte of Agriculture satd gin-
mune from ill-treatment in the watch below— ld be raised elsewhere, but not in this
except from the tnevitable bully of the boys’ country, he pondered awhile and then decided
room--he receives his full share on deck while | to see {t he could not prove te Department
at work. He is usually of an adventurous dis- | didn't know what it was talking abou

So he gota few ginseng roots from Ken-
position or he would not be on board ship--and | tyucky a8 planted am in rich bottom soll

has obtained the berth through the influence of | They came Up. a pose See te them
, , , way. He tried another nting,

family friends or relatives. He is very often a eNenine 3. aot d eround about ten feet by

close student of the cheap nautical literature | ¢our feat, in a corner of his garden in town.

which tells of "The Boy Captain,” “The Boy | This crop failed. He tried again at the same

Mutineer,” “The Boy Private,” and such heroes, f

ace he tard , Fee wee, amet, a tota
te. ¥ 8 me, however,
and goes on board with a great many things to Hlure, but not qt ¥
unlearn before his mind will be in condition to

he had learned much about ginseng, an
fourth crop, small as it was, was & success
receive and assimilate facta. He may know in
a general way the names of the masts, some of

This was encouragement at last, and
Millard went a the revert of his yt crop

the sails and ropes, and a few of the chip's ap- | With some degree of certainty. 6 enlarge
sartebaneon: but he finds the Knowledge of lt- fis patch to poem 38 ar Cs OF bere. Since

y is Oss i oO i OORe °
tle avail against his colossal ignorance of what year he added mote ground until he had a
quarter of an acre planted in ginseng. Each
succeeding crop has been several times better
than ita predecessor, and now even Mr. Mil-
lard’s neighbors and the scientists who for
nine years have been doubting him are forced
to admit that he has colved the question of
aineeng culture in the United States

Not until this year has Mr, Millard con-

sented to dispose of a single plant, root or see
of ynis ginseng, Oe eel ore, waa, care:
'n’ 'n’ the wing ye’ e ul preserv an ante y him 6 fol-
eric’ B Ge wing O'R TAG RS Carne low pe poring. He oP Gotemingd ~ us
e orde a t only toa salle tock should not run low. u s year he
Tue order ie intalliginte only to 6 sailor who Fools that he has enough stock for himself,
and that he can spare some to others who wish
to embark in gineeng culture.

Copyright, 1900, by Morgan Robertaon. |
Every deep-water American ship i# 8UP-
posed to carry two or three boys before the
mast—usually as many as there are officers
aft. These boys eat and sleep in the boys’ room,
a small apartment in the forward house, and

 

Mr.

Fach
of him, and until he learns, through
cursing and bitter objurgations, how to keep
out of his own and the officers’ way, his life on
deck is miserable, He is not even avatlable for
running errands, for he does not recognize the
names of things he is sent for, even when prop-
erly enunciatec How can he, when no nautical
dictionary contains half of the nouns and
phrases {n common use at sea? What can be
made of this, roared at him at six feet distance
“Hare, you, bo-o-y. Gwan down to the lazer-

is require:

 

knows that the laparette is down aftabaft the
cabin trunk; thet “over 'n the wing” is over
toward the ship's side, and that an “earing” ts fie has closed

most v clrcumstanoss. Gen, Jamont

for examnple, after the first battle, dismounted | a fathom or two of rae with an eye spliced | one contract for $16,000 wort) of grote and
from his horse, entered his automobile and | in one end, used for reefing and for gill guys. seeds, to be delivered to ‘ New act man
made the tour of the cantonmente of his troope, But the boy starts off for some Indefinite ren - oe tg gtibere finatan "uneerd
visit on th y his ined Opdt ace, with a hazy idea of earings, birds’ wings

mipnie, he & a2 , ist meipal Geld dts - End hata suggested by the officer's pronunciation from $25 bring the total amount of sales for

supply. He was is able to make in a very
short time acircuit of about fifty miles and to see
for himaelf, without fatigue, the exact
and condition of his command, a feat which
would have been quite impossible with horses
alone. The extent of modern battlefields has
rendered it pecpees i ee ody
general to rely largely on pporta o 8
ores alnnte commanders; but the automobile
may enable him, as of old, to eee for himself
at least the moat critical part of the field.

In Germany every effort is constantly made
to apply in the army the results of all progreas
in industry, and automobiles have received
thefr shafte of consideration. During the

oaition

commanding

this vear close to $25.000. All of this supply
has come from the quarter acre tract. A year
ago Mr, Millard planted another half acre in
ginseng. This tract fs situated about three
miles west of Houston, in a corner of what

and must come back tremblingly for instruc-
tion. And what must he bring when sent for
“bumpstone,” to assist in scouring paintwork,

until he has learned that purmicestone, is

wanted?

While he {s learning names and nouns he ts | was Mr. Millard's prospective stock farm
also jearning to work properly to place his | This is not an experiment; it is a development,
hands on a rope in pulling; how to hold slack | planted and oultivated after exact scientific
when the men do all the pulling; how to serub | methods. None of the planta in this half-acre

patch are yet productive, but Mr. Millard ex-
pects to begin sellt from them next year.
Marion S. Millard has an_ indirect
terest with his uncle fn the culture of ginseng,
and has spent most of his time in the last few
years in @ study of the plant and ite pecull-

and sweep decks to advantage; to scour braas |
work; to strike the bell without risk of being
called a sexton, and. this of the first and Inst
importance —to answer quickly when spoken
to. Unless the officers are unusually consid-

in-

erate of his bewilderment he is sent aloft with

grand mancuvres of 1809 eight automobiles
¢ h | is shorte -not to help, | arities, under the tutelage of Mr. Millard the
ee ene ee ee tte areas | tor he is serie te learn ta foal of @ onarte elder. Young Mr. Millard interestingly

mander-in-chief, six of which were assigned
to the different general staffs. All these Sabie
cles were tested more particularly late in the
evening and at night. On one occasion two

foot-rope, and the method of furling and reef-
ing. Later, about the time the trades are
reached, he is forcefully instructed in advance

of gir .
# “nole rank has called a crank on the

subject of ginesn - the young man. “He
and sent up to loose and furl the mizzen royal; | has heen eritictzed, and boldly laughed

° a SF et Oe ae axes & pundie and this becomes his special task at. Now he is not regarded as a crank but as
having thein distributed to the troops before Since much of the repair and constructive very smart man. | People ¥ used KH Aah
morning. One of the carriages atruck a large | Work aboard ship can only be done in fine | In his face and chide pun wie Wie Foomennese
stone and was rendered useless. Tho ofloer | Weather, all hands are kept at work in the | are Degging him for Of -on % they may
in charge of the vehicles put the Joad of the | efternoon while the ship ts in trade wind waters | @tart a ginseng farm ¢ the eS dee ut 16 mora
injured carriage on the other and continued | S¢tting up, rattling down and tarring rigging yene av Pp oe a 3 augh. He can affor
on hia way covering aboutsixty eniiee ip oo shor’ piesa , oa poacne, maets and blocks, oo opinion ‘poncern " ineeng. he aa facts
olng other work at which a boy is nearly use-

Sofie the apre werw cvtibued Ua | Gino Mg taue to cise oa | Babin. i, at hn croR, Man

In February of this year the German Em- | 60! boy intelligently tutored may learn the thie year. He has. ou ed in

poser offered a prize of $20,000 for the best mili-
ary automobile.

n the next place, automobiles are to be used
in the transportation of supplies (food and for-
age) andammunition, not only in the general
train, but also in the pequmentel fleld trains; in
the transportation of siege artillery material
and of the material of and ammunition for
mountain artillery; and, finally,in replacing
the company wagons

This has been the fleld most extensively {n-
vestigated, and this will probably be the main
application of the automobile in war.

n Italy, in consequence of trials made by the
engineers of the army, the War Department
decided as ¢arly as 1897 to assign to the army
a certain Dumber of automobiles for the trans-
portation of baggage. This nation was par-

foularly anxious to adopt a carriage which
economized the horses needed, because of the
scarcity of these onimae in the country.

In Russia the Grand Duke Vladimir has been
studying the possibility of transporting the
artillery by, means of automobiles, reserving
the horses for the cannoneers and for special
movements or to assist at difficult points on
the road. this way the number of horses
needed could be considerably reduced, and
their condition, on arriving on the battlefield
immensely improved, :

In Austria the Daimler automobile has been
introduced into the army for the transport of
heavy artillery material and particuloriy for
the transportation of ammunition for the guns
of the Steinfeld polygon. near Wiener-Nev-

stadt. The motor isa 10-horse power benzine | reef und ateer,”. th these roots and will rve them in handsome
t . y ne lust-numed sccomplish- han Tm

erek ate cn hier wit a wre vores ment, however, only applying to fine weather; eine ye uni or Mllgrd Mh ini ne eS

pounds on @ slope of one inten. A number heavy gale, with the ship scudding before | ing them with particular care. The seed sell

of trials has been made near Vienna as well aa
in the mountains of Galicia, and the results
nave panees all expectation.
ance has experimented with automobiles
for heavy loads with ‘the Scotte wagon for sup-
plying the forts on the right bank of the Seine
and with the Dietrich wagon in the Soudan.
rmany, from an appropriation of 000,
has recently purchased seven automobiles for
the transportation of comroissary stores and
ammunition. During the mancuvres of 1898
on the Weaer such an automohile was teated
and in those of 1899 two automobiles were used
on the relay lines of supply.
Belgium is having one of its army wagons
for the transportation of supplies transformed
into an automobile. The new wagon weighs
4.40 pounds and its maximum speed is ten
miles an hour, The constructora are now
trying an 18-horse power motor. with
direct transmission, American rubber tire
with interior steel wire cables being adopted
for the wheels, In the Belgian Congo the au-
tomobile has been introduced to replace the
native porters and to substitute land trans-
rtation wherever the difficulties of naviga-
jon are too great for convenient water trans-
ortation. Capt. Carton, who has been author-
zed to introduce the automobile, proposes to
organize three routes, one toward Rediaf,
branching to the Ouellé, another from Stanley-
ville to the Lualaba and the Tangantka, and a
third through the caoutchouc regions of Kassai
and Lomami to the Tualaba. Rapids and
cataracts on water routes are to be passed on
Mache aubocontlion eit ied eects) appt
nally, automobiles w nd spectal applica-
tion in eld hospitals, securing ® more pa t
first aid to the wounded, and wil useful
hunting up the wounded on the field. They wil}
also make excellent carriages for rapid-fire an
machine gune:they will serve to transport more
quickly the fleld bakeries and kitchens, thus
giving the troops more rest; and they can be
yaed with plows for rapidly making trenches
or the troops, again saving much hard labor,
and at the same time transporting most of the
intrenching tools
In Germany a searchlight automobile has
been experimented with, It is a four-wheeled
vehicle, run by a five horse-power petroleum
motor, which can be made ready in three min-
utes and rin for fifteen hours without renewal
of fuel. This motor works a searchlight, and
also furnishes four electric arc hte (of 800
candle power each) for a flying field hospital
In England the automobile gun carriage has
been most fully developed he Maxim com-
pany has fust constricted a very light machine-
gun, weighing only twenty-six pounds, and
this is mounted in pairs on a tandem tricycle,
the whole weighing about 520 pounds.
The whole subject, therefore, although still
in the experimental stage to a large extent,
opens up @ fine field of investigation, pad many
of the problems are nearing practical solution,
ERdeed are siready en faz Solved as to

use of automobiles in the next war, ea

s of
seneeh, Dee ering © xe enting the development of the

com pase in a few
Pp

ship with a wheel higher than his hea Sreatly a ;
’ ant, and admita that his ginsen g is twice a
work for Bim. pnd many @ dreama eons Boas Productive pow as it was when he first took it

he receive before he can keep the

point on the compass-bowl! within a half point | In hand. My impression is that he is entirely

of the course, even in the steady wind and sea- | too conservative in this matter; I know that
etund at te wade ' . a and we some of the plante are five times as productive

But when he can do this he may be permitted as they were.
to steer the whole of the four-hour waten while Ginseng is not a pretty plant. It see of
the two rightful incumbents of the tricks are p. single pial that shoots up to a distance of
ept at work in the rigging. And on alternate | from eight to twenty-four inches; then four
days, when his wateh is the one that loses the | PTonas sprout out, each of them terminating

afternoon's sleep, he may be permitted to eat | & bunch of five leaves; from the int of aprout-
his dinner and go back to the wheel to eteer | [ng the stalk continues upward three or four
until supper time. This is a long time to keep inches and terminates in a close group of berries
a growing boy standing in one spot, forbidden } There are from three to thirty berries on each
fo lean back against the wheel-box or forward | *talk, and each berry contains two or three

against the wheel, with body and legs aching mr A ot progece esed until

from inaction, and arms aching from fatigue: year after that, ao far
and when he has eaten his eu hor and hed as the experiments have progressed, it Increases
into his bunk he knows the full meaning of the | ‘2 productiveness at the rate of about 100 per
word rest, and appreciates to the utmost the | cent. a year. In the fall the etalk lies down
heavenly content of a horizontal attitude. It | but the root remains alive and puts forth again

in the spring. Every three or four vears th
oote are goveree
eayes. The plants fequire practically no care
and shoot up through the gro | every apring.
“If ginseng has any real my icinal value ] do
notknow of it. It laaelight laxative, but other-
wise its value is altogether in the reverence in
which the Chinese hold it. They regard it with

| a superstitious admiration and make all sorts
of uses of it. They have a particular faney for
certain forms of roots. One of these is the
‘Manchurian’ form, which is much the shape
of aman. They will pay fabulous sums for

would be a severe punishment for a stron,
man—this nine-hour trick at the wheel; it
torture to a half-developed boy. But shoul
he complain and ask for a shorter trick he wil
eceive littl sympathy; for the officer who
istens and sneers is, or was, the exceptionally
strong, hardy, muscular boy who bore the
experience easily when forced to undergo it
himeelf, and, instead of quitting the life after
one voyage--as most hove will remained at
sea to become an officer

At the end of # voyuge--usuully finished
within u yeur--un average hoy can “hand (furl),

with three or four Inches o'

t, * seaman with yeurs of experience
is needed to keep the craft from broaching
to. No boy may become a competent helms-
man tn less than four years of sengoing. But,
able to “hand, reef und steer," he may sign
4s un ordinary seaman, if he ships again, at a |
slight raise in pay. He is competent to assist |
at any work aboard ship, but has still much

for five cents each and the yearling roots fo:
20 centa each. AS an acre of olght-veanr-ol
ante will produce over 8.000.000 seeds there
s little doubt that Mr. Millard knew what he
was doing when he stuck to ginseng, and I
daresay that he has not spent much over €2,000
LS) all his experiments, which have lasted over
nine years

 

to learn before he can call himself an able seu-
nan, If he ships again with his first skipper e market value of ginseng roote and ads
he mains in the boys’ room, and if he is on js- | @t the present time is 20 centa for the former

and five cents for the latter.

In one acre of
ground there can easily be planted, allowing

fled with the life he is usually promoted after

three or four voyages without ever having >
lived in the forecastie. But if he quits his cap- | twelve inches space for each plant and eigh-

tain und signs out of abourding house, he goes | teen-inch walks between the five-foot bede,
into the forecustle and takes*his chance of risin oa roots. It will be two years before any
by merit alone, Hb will be longer about {t we plants from these roots will bear seed.
but he will be a better seaman and officer ey will not be heavy bearers at once, but
A boy who shows « desire to learn navigation
in his wateh

will increase steadily in productiveness for
at least eight years. The eighth year each
owns a quadrant | ¢ 8 ene, Eee ould wee Baty aeons,
: it } of 8,120, 8 | y
ll be instructed by the cagtes | for loss in gathering, shispine, Ao, a ae
| have a crop of at least 2,000,000 seada to realize
on. At five cents each this will amount to
$}00,000 annual locome from seeds alone, with
6 roo rom whic! ey were grow ood
or better than they were. . t=*
But the market for seeds is not among the
ginseng consumers. It is among those who
want to engage in the business of raising

will have facilities for studying
below. and, provided he

or sextant, w

or officers in taking observations; for
fellows ure not continuous performers; they
are simply survivors und graduates in « chool
of brutality which eliminates thedlessor brutes,
und are subject to occasional rela into
good humor and generosity, during which they
may be kind to a weaker fellow creature
whom they have recently multreated; but it

might prove an unwise procedure for a boy, In;

to generate of 1,120,000 seed. This will leave
2,000,000 seed that are practically sure to gen-
erate and create 2,000,000 roote. In eighteen
months these roots will be ready for market,
for he must furnish his own bedding, and he and oan Re pold direct to consumers, tle
finds the item of board an unsatisfactory re- 600 Wee tuo fears trams the cinscan onan te
cro 1
A eighteen months This cro oo 2, 000
| roots would require a space of epprotimately
forty acres. One acre should produce 52,000
| roots, which, at the market price of 20 cents
each, should, after eighteen months, bring
@ return of $10,400.

his crew.

A boy's pay ranges from $5 to 810 a month
nd with this, as extra wage, he gets board and
odging. Lodging means an empty bunk,

muneration until he learns to assimilate It.
boy reared on plain meat and potatoes at firat
finds some difficulty in getting his food down
his throat; but, once down—if he is healthy—
he can digest it; for, though apparently served
in the most unpalatable manner which a sea-
cook can devise, it is still organio matter, plus
& good dea! of salt, and is amenable to the chem-

 

ical action and reaction of the gastric juice.

\
| Says She Is 120 Years Old.
So, until he gets the scurvy from a preponder- |
|
!

» From the Milwaukee Sentinel.

Ford pu Lac, Aug. 10.—Without doubt
Mrs. Josephine Beausiau of this city is the
oldest woman in Wisconsin, and perhaps in
the entire nation, She claims that she {s 120

were old, that she was born to France in 1780
| If her clatras are true, and no one here doubts
| them, she is one of the best preserved old per-
} §ons known She Hives with her son-in-law,
| Charles Bird, corner of West Sibley and Henry

ance of salt and a lack of vegetable matter in his
food, he will retain a semblance of good health,
And he will have no trouble in keeping his teeth
white and clean; cold salt beef and hardtack,
though not hard enough to destroy the enamel
are sufficiently so to prevent the accuniulation of
tartar and to wear off any which has formed

As a boy ie not favored in bad weather more
than others of the crew, he needs an outfit of
clothing equal to any aboard--the most impor-
tant articles being oilskins, sou'wester and

Tubber boots, Mittens are not

allowed, ex- | streets, where she bas 0 © las ,
cept at the wheel and lookout, and are pot years This old lady aoe chont the Bra hare
wanted when pulling ropes or climbing. ut nd premises almost as freely as does the
a dozen suits of ~atercrothing and shirts, | daughter with wh she lives, and she attends
and aa many pairs of socks and trousers, all | to a good portion of the housework at all times.

nD material

|

“& WArIn Sweater or monkey } She reads without the use
.

of glasses.

f

d

|

d his
h

d

d

h

h

1

in

    

t
I
Th
1
{
h
d
i

the liquor
be did.”

    

Ty

RILEY’S ROLLING EGGS.

A SUPPOSED DISCOVERY OF A CHEAP
FOOD FOR CHICKENS.

 

The Chickens Grow Fat and Sleepy on tt
Their Eggs Got to Shaking, Though, and
Their Chicks Couldn't Walk Straight Fr.
ectof the Chickensona W, ©. T. U. Banquet,

“When the eae began to display such an
inelination to roll about with disastrous re
sults Riley should have investigated the mar.
ter,” remarked the ex-President of the Blue
Feather Fancters’ Club, “but he was fro ab.
sorbed in seaking a cheap poultry food that
he paid Ifttle attention to the peculiarities of
the eggas, nor did he give much more heed
when the chicks hatched from the eggs dis.
played the charactertatios of a person under
the influence of liquor, To be eure, it struck
him as strange that the chicks should have
euch a roll in their gait, but the thought that
brewers’ graina as food had anything to do
with it never entered his head. It was when
a number of the rolling chickens were served
at the W. C. 'T. U. banquet that Riley began
to think that there must be something wrong
and made a change in the chickens’ food.

“You see,” continued the ex-breeder of prize
poultry, “Riley was an enthusiastic fancier
and was continually making experiments,
He had made a number of important discover.
jes, but the thing that he was moat anxious
to discover was a cheap poultry food. With
three or four hundred chickens the ttem of
food waa quite important, and Riley was con.
tinually looking to leasen this expense. Ha
knew that brewers’ grains waa used to feed
cows, and he figured that if they could atand
it the chickens should be able to, It was worth
a trial anyhow, and he brought home aquantity,

“The first lot was eagerly awallowed by the
hens, and as each succeeding lot was eaten with
the same eagerness andapparent relish he
thought that the perfect food had been dis-
covered, The eggs laid by the hens fed upon
the grain seemed larger and heavier, and tha
hens grew fat. The brewers’ grains had been
used about ten days before any eggs were ship-
pedto market. But that firat shipment brought
woe to the heart of Riles Out of two hundred
dozen shipped some ten dozen were broken,
Riley made a loud protest against what he
called the express company's carelessness,
but the protest was the beat he got. The agent
even had the nerve to aay that the ega@s must
have been brokan before they were placed
in his charge. Riley wouldn't stand for anr-
thing like that, and told the agent so pretty
plainly.

“But the next shipment caused the same
trouble. This time the agent was ready for
Riley when hecame in to register a kick. ‘Look
here, Riley,’ he exclaimed, ‘this game {s too
strong. You must take more care in pack-
ing those egas or we wont carry them: see?
There's something wrong with the hen fruit.
Every blamed egg shakes Inita case like a
man with the tremens. What are you feeding
your hens, anyway? Cheap booze?’

“Riley was naturally a peaceable man, but
this insinuation could not be allowed to pass
unrebuked, ‘Now, me gay young man in the
dinky blue coat and the band hat,” says he,
‘don't you get too gay and festive with your
Uncle Riley, There isn't anything the matter
with those eggs nor the way they are packed,
lf the soulless corporation you misrepresent
can't handle those ega@s more carefully, some
other concern will carry thefn to market. And
when you talk about cheap booze for hens

you’re making a great mistake, While thera
are no white-ribbon hens in my chicken yard
there are no liquor-soak ones. either, And
as for the eggs shaking about, if the company
would put in an agent whose hands weren't
continually giving evidence of the friendship
he maintains for the distilleries, there would
be no shaking ewes.’

“Then it was up to the agent to get a little
red under his shirtband. He told Riley a few
things and then pried the cover off one of the
egg crates and called upon Riley to look at the
eae, The ega@s were certainly bobbing about
like a person with the ague, and Riley was

uzzied, But it would never do to admit that
he had been wrong and he continued to main-
tain that the eggs were not to blame. Ae did
some pretty strong thinking on the way home,
though, and fully intended to look into the mate
ter: ut it alipped his mind, he next few
shipmenta of eggs met with better fortune,
and asthe time was coming when the hens
would begin to set he was shipping few eggs,

“The firet brood of chickens hatched out
from the rolli «8 caused Riley to do more
thinking than ad done {n months. They
seemed unable to walk straight. hey rolled
from side to side Hike a lot of drunken sailors
and the sight was ao comical that every person
greing jt was attacked with apasms of laughter,
Riley didn't mind the jaugh ng, but when the
rolling gait ef the chicks became ao had oe
{t interfered with their growth he was worke
up. ‘The hens don't show any such ptoms,’
eaid he to bimself, ‘although they Iive on the
brewers’ ains. Perhaps that’s what the
chicks At any rate, it wil] do no harm
to try it.’ And try it he did chicks at
firat showed no great fondness for the grain
but the taste was an acquired one and {t wasn't
a very long time before they were more anxe
fous for their aleohol-soaked food than the
old _chickena

“There waa no diminution of the rolling entt,
but the chicks would fll up th the grafn and
squatdown Naturally with less exercise ther

rew fat and Riley's spring broilers brought a

igher price than any other fancier’s. It was

noticed that any persons who purchased broilers
raised by Riley didn’t care for those marketed
by_other poultry raisers, and it soon hecame
difficult to meet thedemand It was about thig
time that the hens began to show the effects of
the alcohol absorbed by them and grew irrita-
le They were uncommonly nolsy and ant
times, eapectally after eating heartily of the
brewers’ grains, seemed to have a very indis-
tinet idea of distance and would bump up against
trees and other objects to their own discomfl-
ture. At euch times ther would raise a most
hideous racket, and Riley's hena from being
considera’ the beat behaved and most decorous
in the nelahborhood gained an uneanviable rep-
utation for boisterousness.

“It was about this time that there was to he
a big banquet of the W. C. T. and the caterer
arranged with Riley to furnish the chickens
In order to have an extra fine lot of chickens for
the affair Riley doubled the allowance of brew-
ers' grains. The chickens certainly took on flesh
at An amaring rate, and Riley fondly imagined
the surprise that was in store for the wearers
of the whiteribbon. It was asurprise, all right:
but it wasn’t just the sort of surprise that was
anticipated. For a banquet at which no intox-
icanta were supposed to be served that affair
was about the Rercest ever

“There was nothing doing’, anid Riley
describing fhe Dqnauet to Me frien gy Tintil
after the chicken had been ‘ed. do say
t, there was never a finer lot of chickens ed
at any feed, and these enemies of the saloon-
keeper put away a pis of them. ere was
one old chap with white hair and white whiskers
who had been talking against the Demon Ru:
rom the moment the crowd had began to «

usy at the table Ae the chicken began
to get in ite work he felt hignestt moved to ad-
the evile of intemperanc,
And maybe he couldn't dally with the hot airt
ay, he was the limit.

He was going on painting the evils of drinks
ing in great shape when he aort of hiccoughed
and plumped over on his face, Then there
were All sorts of fit-throwing by the women,
who thought the pride of the ock had been
taken ill. But he managed to wave them back
and get on his feet again, Then 1 could eee
that he waar the owner of about as fine a bun
as | have ever seen any one take care of. He
continued to talk, his tongue getting thicker
and thicker until one of the other men steps
xP to tip him off that he'd better sit down,

e old chap chokes of a minute and then
says: “My fren's, it'amy ‘pinion thish whole
crowd ia drunk, drunker ‘n a owl. Yeh,
drunker 'n betled owl. Make ol’ fool st 4
or I'll break’s face. i’ dow’ there,” and wit
that he hite the other old chap a wall on

regs the crowd upo

ordinary or uble seaman, living in the fore- | 8@0@-. Where the consumer is to be supplied

geste So appear on, deck ye oh quadrant to | a ye Ri “Say itat'a full crop of tne paw Saat areas wT Ses te, “able. of the
ake the sun at midday. A skipper does not > , . or | men had about a dozen admirers among the
deem his position more stable and tenable | 802 {8 available for planting. That will be | ™ ; >

or discipline more perfect with navigators | 2:!20.000 seed. Allow for the loss and failure Toe hasorite "Would be beet’ tie hall ee

finally cleared ont before anybody wes Fu ‘
but the temperance cause received a deadly
blow in that burg. All the newspapers cam
out with column after column about {t an
you couldn't find a white-ribbone who would
admit attending that banquet her were _
going to pay me for the chickens at first, but
T told them just what would happen if they didn’t
and then they came down handsome
“After that experience {t was up to Riis?
to do something,” continued the ex-President
of the Blue Feathers Fanciers’ Club, “and he
tried to cut off the brewers’ grain diet, for even
he could eee by this time that there was the
cause of all the trouble, broken eggs. rolling
chickens and temperance advocates gone
wrong, But having once tasted the forbidden
fruit the chickens were not golng to he de-
rived of their booze all at once Not by a lot,
hey refused to lav unless the aleoho!-soaked
food was forthcoming, and Riley, befng uns
willing to demoralize their morals, refused
to feed it them. There was a deadlock then
and Riley calle! in some of hie friends, in-
cluding myself, for counse Various measures
were advised until it came to me
“*You say the hens wont eat ordinary meal”
1 asked. He nodded and after thinking the
matter over a short time ] said: "Were 1] in your
face 1 should take ordinary cornmea!), mix
t with Keeley dope and cure those hens of
hable wit ut their knowledge.’ And

SN tl . -
“i ORSON SE at HEME SIMU Bai SA Re EA RP RESIN DRED Et Nd NOE i ariemrv nent tot conn we RE eae?

SE ad

“

eso4H

vr 2

el

/Bo

>=524232422>59 29

ee

°

c2?2>5e25-c

-
>

sossys> BoP ese RS

m
te

72 as? sr

e324 225

orsrosys>

2o>72 22

reso e4gares

a.

Z3 52% 55 zavr,y

o>

2