FX-TANK MEETS A FARMER,

vos THAT HAPPENED TO NO.
ee arreR HIS HAT BLEW OFF.

the White Bearded Conductor to
Heed a True Tale The Benevolent Farmer

The Fx-Tank Proved Grateful When the
Gold Brick Man Came Along tn Time,

\) reference to our agricultural popula-

Mefasal of

t ; remarked E.x-Tank No, 28 of the Harlem

of Former Alcoholic Degenerates, remi-
. coontiy thumbing the aquirter of the Kissingen
oe on. Ld never ha’ become acquainted with

vv amif my hat hadn't biovvn off that tne,”

= { No 28 involuntarily aquirtel about half a

n+ of the Riasingen at the newly polished
canes ¢ Fx-Tank No. 7, the parliamentarian
and kicker, who was just rising to register an
abjectior

you mean.” sald Ex-Tank No, 7, “that if
eour loose-tointed head hadn't been blown
ofthat time you'd have ;

ro your beneh!” eternity said the Chief Ex-
Tank, rising and frowning severely upon the

parliamentarian and kicker, “Twenty-eight
{a the Roxer at present in front, and loping

along steadily, under wraps, Twenty-elght
® sentinue the presentation of his views
of our agricultural population ”

nothing, proceeded Ex-Tank No. 28,
musing!’ My hat just eacaped out of the
ear window, that’s all, and that’s what gave
me the inside line on the people next to the soil
1 got em doped out right that time. D'ye

want the dope’

on

If vou don't keep ‘em kicking up at the post
for more'n four hours, ves!” velled No, 7, the
parliamentarian and kicker, as he was dragged,

struggling, fo the punitive hot room
The dope on the bunch with the hay in their
elub in

har eudiy demanded the chorus,
and Ex-Tank No. 28 proceeded

Hay, hey? sald he “Don't let that bug
pin away with you. Don't you people permit

yourselves to fall out of bed on the proposition
the funny paper artists have got straight

that

stable information with regard to the man
wiih the hoe. Hay? Yes, he's got hay tn his
hair Rut he's gota whole lot underneath the

hair that some of us wisdom packers that were

porn and raised on the enbblestones don't
know a thing about. Does he b'ow out the
gas’? Yes, he does blow ont the gas. But,

al) in all, when it comes to being a stayer that'll
go the distance, a rater that'll be there or there.
abouts when the numbers are hung out, the
average man that jumps the furrows has got
soma of us people that don't know anything
bur electric lights and the zip-zing of Hungarian
bands faded to the size of slush-slidera on the
winter tracks, and that's no ballade to me
jady's evebrows, either

Stop clinching or get off,” demanded the
club in chorus, and Ex-Tank No. 28 went ahead

Well, it was in the early fall of ‘87, and I
waa riding away from Hammondsport, N. Y.,
with just the ticket, and that's all. It doesn't
make any difference what I'd been doing in
Hammondeport, N. Y. My stay in Aam-
mondsport, No ¥., may have had something
to do with the cornering of the ‘S87 «till wine
vintage of that region of grapes--I sure did
come close enough cornering the Ham-
mondsport end of it {n my own person, at that

r | may have dropped off there tied to a
parachute Whatever it was, they didn't
peer to want to make me Mavor of Hammonds-
port or to send me to Congress from that dis-
triet, and I felt real grieved over it. So 1 left
for New York, with just the ticket, The ticket
was under the sweatband of my hat, and it
was about @ o'clock at night when T slid {nto
the smoker, sat down, and began to atudy
over whether the gang ‘ud be winners or Ingers
when I stacked up against them in the big
town on next dav. I was athirst- but
tie cooler at the end of the car was full. That's
al doing. I didn't even have @
amall stack of the wet in the rear pocket. All
1 had was the ticket, and that, as I say, was
in the sweatband of my lid

“The gv-ard came along and ripped a piece
off the ticket when the train was about seven

miles out of Hanunondsport, and then I re-

aced sit beneath the sweatband. After
he had departed | began to lone for the cool
night air, and thetang of ther>w mown hay,
ani things like that, and so I siuck my head
out of the window. so's to get more breaths
and bigger ones, That's when the lid went
siiling, and, of course, along with it my paste-
board passport to this large and prosperous
peaport I pulled my head in then and thought
ft over

I probably can't get off now and run back

for the lid and then catch the train again,’
] reflected, ‘and I'm not in training for a real
good sprint anyhow. Moreover, {t's dark
The only thing to do is to waft the gy-ard into
& proner state of wooze. He's got a home
himself (nee he may have been young and
{diotic TH just tell him, that’s all, He's
neen the ticket and he knows that I had it,
and he knows that T had it under that sweat-
band. Oh, the man will let me ride, ali right
Sure he will

So T made it nice and easy with myself on
that point, and lay back and wondered some
more whether the gang in New York would
be eating grilled bonea when I got there in
the morning or shaking with the cigar man
on the corner for chewing tobacco to keep
their appetites down

| was just dreaming that I was plugging
pway at a large flock of magnums vith an
‘rein when the conductor came along and
ited me awake. He was a middle-aged

to

the

there was

  

man with a white beard
‘Tieket,’ said he, in a real hard, unfeeling
tone of voice

I smiled at him cheerfully

You ean drop by and get it on your way
hack. Trold him, and then T related unto him
the ead story of my lost headpiece

That's nice,’ said he, when I'd got through
and was still smiling benevolently upon him.
‘Kut you'll have to plough up the price or you
don't ride’

l endeavored to look as chagrined as pos-
sihle, but that didn’t appear to wilt him a little
ht Then I expostulated with him. All nix.
Fither the safe conduct or the coin was the
wav he put it

‘But vou saw the ticket,’ sald T

‘Oh, that's an old one,’ he replied. ‘You're
Meehing it ont somewhere in your clothes,
and you're got the microbe that vou'll be able
to work me for the ride to the big town, and
when vou get there vou'll mall the ticket back
to a nal and have him scalp it. Cease jesting
The ticket or the money, and real hasty, at
nat

Nice conversation for a middle-aged man
with a white beard, wasn’t it? | appealed to
him as a man of ripe veurs and the father of a
large family and a deacon of his church.
pointed out the fact to him that tickets were
nothing to me when T had ‘em, nor the price
of tickets, either. Finally I told him that I'd
have every pocket stuffed full of tickets when
the white frozen wet was piled eight feet above
his wooden headboard, and that remark sort
© aueeredme He pulled the bell cord and
stepped lightly off, about forty odd miles this
tide of Hammondsport, and this seaport «till
& long hike awar

Tt was a lovely, rolling, cultivated country,
andl sut down on a bank heside the ratlroad
beneath the peaceful, effulaent light of the
large harvest moon, watched the tratn curl
ont of sight, and drank in the beauty of the
Scene l'd have given a winning «{x-horte
ftombination ticket for another kind of a drink
but it wasn't in the cards, and soT got up an
walked over to the wellekept road alongside
the railroad track, The road wound around
among farms such as they only know how to
stack up over in that end of this State, but I
didn't see a light blinking from a house even
when T climbed over a rail fence and ascen
4 jill to take observations, So T climbed back
ay er the rail fence to the road, tossed my weary
rame amid a buneh of nodding daisies, an
Slimhered on beneath the mellow light of the
sevest moon
, il Just doss it out to-night,’ T thought,
07 ‘morrow morning there'll be nothing

it but a side-door Pullman wending its ctr-
ewiltous wav toward the Atlantic seaboard.’
__ | wae awakened with aprod, The sun was
hia, up. An old man with chin whiskers, #
ckory shirt, and one of those straw hend-
Dleces that goes to wx sharp point at the top,
ing Hending over me, with an anxious look

S clear, Kindly old lamps
tn ft*Y. You voung maverick,’ he was saying
{. {ae 4s he prodded me, ‘air you dead, or what

\ name o' Josh Hungood's shoats alls vou
aleeo’ dead only ditched-—thanks,” says I,
= N€ up and wining my eyes. T sawthat the
pe pan had halted his two-horse farm wagon

’ on
| fiegered that yon had gone t’ your last

Pyeetin’” said the old chap with the kindly
Blinks Put off th’ train, hey?’
fy) no. save T, ‘Tonly got off to get a hand-

the daisies for the centre table,’ and then
old chan slanped his thigh and haw-hawed,
and | told him the straight goods as to how I
th Pensa to be reclining by the roadside on
eat chipper autumn morning. He sized meup
trefully while T wae telling him
Siero don't jes’ happen t' have any little
nas with three kvarabaout vou?’ he asked
4 ha hoad edain, when I'd got through
haan” Think I'd have been ditched if I'd
he rn ony T got hack at him
' you haint jes’ a-lookin’
bofarm in this neck o' th woods?
el eould only grin at that
thee.” © vou city fellers air danged smart,
5 bo gittin’ araoun’ thet,’ said he, ‘but

raoun' t’ buy
ewenton

 

1?

ou look like a young feller thet hadn't oughtn’t

be bunkin' by noroadside, Wanta lift?

“*Well, if it'sfar, ves,’ sald], justto say some
thing

‘'Tt's on'y a couple o' mile t
you want t' go there, an’ mebbe 1 ll be able t
give you a job o' work o' some kind, always
supposin’ ye're th’ kind thet wanta work,
said the old chap

“Well, I wot into the seat beside the old gen-
tleman, and inside of half an hour he drove
Into the gate of as fine a farm as 1 ever saw
hefore or since, with red barns all over it, and 4
fine, bla, rambling old horse set right in the
middle, with a truck garden and flowers all
around it, The old man questioned me pretty
closely all along the line as we drove along,
and he finally told me that the schoolteacher
of the village, a couple of miles distant, was
down with the measles or something, and that
school was due to take up, and ased me if T
thought 1 could teach the young idea how to
shoot, and to keep straight in the meanwhile
1 handed him the straight yes, and meant ft,
for the old chap's decency tome, a dead stranger
to him, and met up with under queer old cir-
ciimstances at that, sort o' got me around the
neck He told me that he'd tell the school
committee that | was a young man that he'd
sent for ‘up araoun' York way’ to teach. the
echool, and atand for me throughout. Bay,
d've get people that don't know anything but
the cobblestones and the clang of the street

m y place, if

cara topick youup that wav?
The old chaps wife and daughters, were
away ona visit to a neighboring farm for the
day, and so he gave me a roem and had the
hired girl ix meun a breakfast, and then he
started out to notify the school committee that
he had a man for the schoo!
T bewan teaching that achor! on Sept. 15
The achoo) was two miles from the farm, in the
middle of a small township, and | rode te and
fro on a horse the old chap handed over to my
use, for T lived on the farm Well, that’s an
experience that'll hold me until T cash tn my
Inst stack of whites, and 1 often find myself
wishing that I could do it allover again. The
youngsters were all «mall teds, boys and girls,
the kids of the farmers in the eurrounding
country, and I got along with them like shoot-
Ine the chutes 1 «lent between clean white
sheets in a sweet-stnelling room every night,
and sang hymns with the old chaps daughters
at the meetin’ house on Sundavs, and read the
Rible to the old lady occasionally and the crop
reporta to the eld man every week, and I guesa
that, all in all, | was up about as close te the
level of a fairish citizen at that time as Tim ever
going to be, even with the en:poriums de booze
eliminated from mv daily itinerary
“Along toward the first ef November 1
standing in the doorway of the schoo! at morn-
ing recess, when a guy drove by ina buggy
1 knew his man at the first glances He was
the top-notch gold-bricker of his own or any
other age a man that made nearly $1,000,000
out of the brass billets before he butted up
against hia wind-up. I'd often seen him in
New York, and I'd seen his mush in Byrnes
mug-hook, too. T had a hunch as soon aa tT
saw him driving by inthe buggy that he might
be out for some business with the old man that
had been on the level with me forthe old man
was known to be the richest farmer in that see-
tion, with slathers of the long paners in his
Buffalo bank. So 1 called the kids in, dis-
missed school for the dav with the explanation
that their teacher wasn't feeling exactly on
edge, got the saddle on my nag, and cut around
the back way for the farm. | found the old
man choring around the inachinery barn, and
I called him into a cerner and asked him if, with
his knowledge of the monte and the green
goods game, he was also wise to the gold-brick
proposition ] found that he was perfectly
dense about it, although it had been in opera-
tion for a good many years even at that time
T told him that I'd seen Tom O'Brien, the most
notorious of the gold-brickers, headed toward
the farm ina buggy about half an hour before,
and that I expected hed be along shortly
Then I put him next te the stall, and he looked
me over with wondering lamps. Then he
slapped his thigh and owned up that he might
have been led at least to look into the thing had
he not been put next. IT told him that Tom
O'Brien had wound up some of the shrewdest
farmers of the country on his Ii tle reel, and
put it to the old man that it would be a good
lav for him to fall to Tom's blandishments,
if he came around, and trap him. It's a won-
der the old man didn't reach the conclusion
that I was myself a pal of O'Brien's and tryin’
to rig a dead-fall, but he didn’t, and he fell in
with the acheme.
Sure enongh, Tom O'Brien drove up in his
rig about twenty minutes later and ecllared the
old manimmediately. [lit out when | saw him
coming, made up in one of the hired men's rigs
and stood by to fallin asa Rube at the proper
moment, O'Brien and the old man went into
the house and remained together for a lon
while, and then the old chap hunted me up an
called me into the conference ©'Brien had
the flush of victory on his evil countenance, for
the old man had pretended to eat up the deal
from the jump. The old man told O'Brien that I
was his eon and that he wanted me to have a look
at the brick which O'Brien was selling for only
$8,000 for strictly personal and private reasons,

was

and I took a flash at the brass lump with mouth
agape and bia eves and told ‘paw’ to pm it up
and run away with it ff, as O'Brien said, it would
ascay right. The end of the chaw was thatthe
old man promised to meet O'Brien in Buffalo
three days later, where O'Brien was to have
the brick assaved br the Government assayer,
and the old man was to cough up the $8,000 when
the test proved right. O'Brien drove away
with his heady eyes blinking over the easiness
of the graft and went on to Buffalo to hire an of-
fice and plant his assayer therein.
“Lsat down and wrote 4 hit of a letter to the
heap hig cop of Buffalo and the chief had the
seine spread when the old man and I got there
three davs later and were met by O'Brien, I
wae stil] doing the Rube stunt, and the old man
aeemed to be hardly able to wait until O'Brien
conducted him to the office of the Government
aseaver to have the brick ‘worth easily $17,000°
put through its paces
“O'Brien conducted us to an office in an out-of-
the-way office building. The sign ‘UT. 8 Gov-
ernment Assayer’ was over the door and the
smooth guy who answered to the sign was there
with his little drill ready for business It al
went through like a pony with the dope, and the
old man and I started out of the door for the
hank to draw out the $8,900. when the four plain-
clothes men stepped in and put O'Brien and his
yal under the gun. O'Brien was n desperado,
fit he wilted, and a few minutes later they were
on the wrong side of the locks O'Brien's
strong friends that later enabled him to escape
from a bunch of New York prison guards after
he had been sentenced got him and his pal out
on hall the next day. They hopped the hail,
and it wae a long time before O'Brien was nailed
again. and now he's doing his little lifer at a
Freneh penal settlement for killing his pal, Kid
Wadeell, tn Paris
“Well, mv end of the game made such 4 hit
with the old man that he went down to the bank,
anvhow. He drew out $500, handed it to me
with the dry remark that it was barely possible
I had saved him 87.500 anyhow, although he
couldn't say exactly, and told me to ao back
home and par him the money when 1 got it
“So, if my hat hadn't ha’ blown off that time
T'd have missed the dope on our great ngricul-
tural population, and——”"
‘Has that Rrvanite got his hat yet?” velled
ex-Tank No. 7, the parliamentarian and kicker,
emerging from the punitive hot room, and the
meeting was at an end

KNOCKS HIMSELF OUT

Man Who Amoses Chinatown by a Speciality

Imitation of a Prizefight.
One of the latest attractions in Chinatown
{a a man known as “Bill,” who makes a punch-
ing bag of himself for the benefit of sightseers
Rill first made his appearance there about
two months ago. He had been with a vaude-
ville show, but he said luck was against him
and he went to the different rasorts in China-
town and did a couple of turns nightly, such
as buck dancing and singing The profits
did not amount to much and Bill decidel to
shake the place. He reappeared a couple of
weeks ago, saying that he had a new sketch
which would take the people by surprise
On the following Saturday when the largest
one of the resorts was well fille Bill announced
that he was realy to go ahead, and asked that
the floor be cleared so that he could have plenty

of room. His request was granted. Bill
took his stand and said that his new sketch
was a correct imitation of the MeGovern-

Erne fight and after a short speech he wound
up by asking the spectators to kindly refrain
from passing any remarks Bill is a talker
and owing to this fact the people paid great
attention to what he was saying
He then placed two chairs in opposite cor-
ners for the suppose | fighters to sit on. Next
the referee was introsnce! apd the fighters
were callei to the centre for instructions.
Rill being flaliters, referee and everything
elee. Then the mock battle began
From the start to the finish of the first round
Bill hammeret himself in the face, head and
abdomen. The second round was pretty pear
the saine as the first, only Bill was working
a little harder and he went to his corner look-
ing much the worse from his own punches
His face was beginning to puff. Before coming
up for the third and last round Bill made ‘t
known that he would represent Erne and that
his heavy smashes were supposed to be de
liverei by MeGovern. Bill got at himself
and amashed away until he was reeling around
the floor He went down for the second time
with blood coming from his nose He astag-
gered to his feet, as Erne did, only to go to
the floor again after hitting himself a hard
blow in the face He lay there long enough
for the supposed referee to count him out
After Bill got through and had fixed himself
up he went around with the hat and received
enough money, as he said later, to pay for a
week's board
Of late he has been going through his mock
battle only once a week, as he is afraid the
people will get tired of it and he hasn't been
able to think of anything new

Tf You Are Conducting
Areslly firet-clase summer resort, either at seashore
or mountain, make ‘ts locality known through Tag
Sox's advertising columns, Sty readers seek such
places.—4ddv,

  

|

:
Het RP NR: IRR IK en TI ty cnn hmdsrercye: Tite SU on a

THE
DRAW POKER WITH A JOKER

THE COMPLICATION BROKE UP A
GAME IN ARKANSAS CITY.

 

 

Tt Led to Counting Big and Little Casino, and
When They Tried to Ring In-Hoth Bowe
on the Stranger He Pulled His Gua-—
The Stranger's F aneral and His Kptta

“It's reely amazin’,” said old man Greenhut,
“how th'ngs 'a changed in the world since I wal
a boy. Sometimes 't ‘pears like there wasn't
nothin’ on earth nowadays that folks does like
they used to. When IT fust learned to smoke
a pipe we didn't have no matches to light ‘em
with, Had to time a flint an’ steel, or get a coal
outo’ the fire place. An’ as for red liquor, we
didn't know what that was
enough them days fr all but the extremely
wealthy an’ they had brandy and wines an,
ain But as the good book says, ‘The old order
changes, mak'n' way fer new, an’ the Lord
fulfils hiseelf in curious ways.’ They do say
that folks rides ‘round on two wheels nowa-
davs inatead o walkin’ or ridin’ hossback, as
natur’ intended aman todo, but that, Lreekon,
mist be a lie. If they was on'y two wheels on
these here bikes, as they call ‘em, it atands to
reason, they'd tumble over sideways ”

He stood thinking for a few minutes, and
jooked around the room inquiringly, but as
nobody made any sign of intend'ng to call for
a drink, he walked alowly out from behind the
har, and looked ont atthe door, No eustomers
appeared to be approaching, eo he scat down In
his favorite seat by the window and puffed at
his cigar It had gone out, as vusanal, ao he
lighted, itagain and amoked for some minutes
in allence

“There’a one thing, though,” he said at
length, “that don't show no signa o' changin’,
an’ I don't reckon it'll never change. ‘Pears
like it was a dispensation o' providence, that
no man can't never improve on, an’ wouldn't
think o' tryin’ ‘thout he was some god-for-
saken infidel that hadn't no sense. What do
IT mean? Why, I mean the game o' poker, to
be sure. Thar ain't no such thing as improvin'’
poker, no moere’n then was o' makin’ the Ten
Commandments better after Moses brought
‘em outo’ the bullrushes. They was wrote by
a Higher Power, an’ folks knowed It an’ jnat let
‘em alone. Same with poker. There's ga-
loota now an’ then that seems to think they
ean improve on the handiwork o' providence
an’ goes a monkevin' with the game, an’ gettin

up new rules an’ etrange hands, same as the
children of Ierael went a hankerin’ after strange

ois an’ fleshpots, but they don't go down

hem fleshpots I s'pose was the old-fashioned
name fr 7acR pote They wanted to play ‘em
all the time, like some fellers plays all jack-
pots nowadays, havin’ no reverence fir th’ ap-
pinted ways

“They wae a feller come to Arkansas City
‘long about four vears ago that was one o' them
kind, an’ he had an experience with some o
the boys here that had ought for to've cured
him o' sich unrighteousness. IT don't know
whether it did or not for he kind o dropped
onto’ sight one night after he'd tried the hors
patience a little too mich, an’ T never heer'd
no more about him. But he certainly did give
us considerable ‘xcitement fr one evenin’

“It was a pretty small game, or J don'treckon
‘twould ha’ gone on as far as it did, for the hors
wouldn't ha’ stood f'r no such nonsense if
there'd been any important money up, but
hein’ as ‘twas on'y a triflin’ amount, they sort
o humored him fir a while till finally he went
a little too fur, an’ got called down hard

‘Nobody knowed his name nor where he
came from, but he just dropped off the boat
one day an’ kind o' wandered round for a spell
lookin’ at things till finally he dropped in here,
Some o' the bove were settin’ here, like they
do, an' he as’t ‘em all up to the bar an’ treated
like a gentleman would

Here the old man paused a little and looked
around inquiringly again, but nobody spoke,
ao he went on talking

“He treated all hands, like a gentleman al-
ways does when he has the price. an’ then sot
‘round f‘r an hour or two, chawin' his tobacco
sociable like but aot sayin’ much till toward
sundown he sara’ ‘Don't yon people play
poker here sometimes?’

‘Pete Barlow, he was here, an’ he says yes
an’ a couple of other men, Jennings and Small
1 think it was. they said they had no objections,
so 1 got the cards an’ chips an’ they started in.

“The stranger he pulled out a two-dollar bill
an’ he says, ‘Gimme that worth,’ to me, for T was
sellin’ the chips as usual, Well, I was that
eurpri that I almost dropped the chips,
an’ the boys looked at each other like they d
took a drink o' water by mistake. Then Pete
said, kind o° smilin’ -he were a @reat hand for
a joke he says: ‘Excuse me, stranger, but
I thought you said someth’n about poker,
Mebbe it’a pinochle you play, or some kind of
Sunday school game.’ ut the stranger, he
looked as surprised as anybody else, an’ he
says, ‘No,’ he says. ‘I don't play pinochle
myself, What's the matter with poker? Don't
vou play poker here?’ he savs.

“*Well,’ says Pete, ‘we do play it sometimes,’
an he winked at the other fellows that was
moat bustin’ out laughin’ an’ he pulls a two-
dollar bill off’n his wad an’ he says, ‘T think I'll
take two dollars’ worth myself,’ an’ the other
fellers they each take two dollars’ worth and
they call foradeck. You see the joke was they
never played nothin’ less'n a dollar ante, an
for a small game they made a ten-dollar limit

“Well, L brung out a new deck an’ the stranger
he ripped her open and shuffled. I don’t know
how ‘twas, but they didn't seem to none of ‘em
notice that he didn't throw out the foker Ar:
way they didn't nobody say nothin’ an’ the
game went on, ‘It's a quarter limit, 1 s'pose,’
said the stranger, an’ Pete he grinned an’ says,
‘all right, pard, unless you'd ruther have it a
dime.” ‘Oh, no,’ says the stranger, ‘a quarter
aint none too high for me.’

“Thar they sot an’ played away as solemn as
if there waa real money up for ten or fifteen
minutes before anything queer happened, an’
then Pete he called the stranger after one or
two raises an’ showed down two pair, Jacks up,

“The stranger he looked at Pete's cards an’
he says, ‘No good.’ Then he throws down a
three, four. five and s{x an’ the joker an’ reaches
for the pot,

‘Jennings, he was flabbergasted for fair, an
he bustout, ‘What-—' he says, but Pete stopped
him. ‘One minute,” he saya. ‘Excuse me,
pard,’ he says to the stranger, ‘but what do you
think you've got there?’ An’ the stranger he
looked up kind 0’ surprised an’ he says, ‘It's a
straight, o' course, seven high.’

‘Oh,’ says Pete, very polite like, ‘so that
there joker card stands for a seven spot, does
it?’ Why cert'nly,’ says the stranger, ‘It
stands fer anything you want to make up @
hand. Didn't you know that?’ An' he looks
‘round kind 0° hewildered an’ says, ‘Don't you
people know what the joker ts”

f could see that Pete, he was havin’ more
fun than a bag of monkeys, an’ his eyes was Aa
twinklin’ like fun. but he kept his face straight,
an’ he answered the stranger just as polite as
before. ‘Well, reely,’ he says, ‘we've sort 0’
got keerless about playin’ with the joker,” he
says, ‘an’ we gen'ly leaves it out o° the deck
when we play. But it’s all right, It’s allright
An' the stranger he gathers in the pot, an’ Pete
he goes on with the deal. | thought Jennings
and Small'd fall off'n their chairs, but they
kept their faces straight an’ plays as steady as
deacons

*Twarn't more'n three or four more deals
afore the stranger he gets a flush an’ he bets
real reckless on it. here must ha' been a
dollar an’ a half in the pot an’ Pete, he raises
it another qnarter. The stranger hesitates a
little at that an’ he calls, throwin’ down his
fluxh, which it was king high

“Pete. he looks at it careful an’ he saves
‘That ain't no good” An’ he throws down his
cards ati’ reaches for the pot. The stranger
he looks an’ he looks again, an’ he saya “Hold
on, thar. You don't mean to say. he says,
‘that three aces beats 4 flush,’ he says

Why no,’ says Pete. mighty innocent like,
but don't you see,’ he says. that I've got three
acesan' bigan' little casino? That'ssix poing,’
he says, an’ six pointe wins,” An’ he scoops

the pot

‘The stranger he looked kind o' mad an’
kindo' puzzled. an’ hesays: “They ain't no auch
thing as that ever heer'd on in draw poker where
I come from,’ he says, ‘an’ I'm damned if 1] think
it's fair,’ he says. ‘You Just hand over then
chips.’ he says. ‘lL wont stand for no such
play as that,

“Oh, yes vou will’ save Pete. very cool an’
delinerate. ‘You'll stand for it. That's the
rule o' the house when we play with the joker,’
he saves, an’ the game o' poker always has to be
played accordin’ to the rules o' the house where
it's played.’

Well, the stranger he fumed an’ cussed
some an’ ast ine about it, an’ o' course | saya
Pete was right. Casino rules was good, |
says, when the game was played with a joker
an’ finally the stranger he give in, an’ skin't
another two spot off'n his wad an’ as't f'r some
more chips, for he was nigh broke in chips
l give ‘em to him an’ the game went on

‘Twarn't more ‘n a couple 0 deals after that
when the stranger he got four deuces an’ just
naturally he bet tol‘able heavy on ‘em. He

ut up the limit, an’ Small, he raised him back the
imit. They had it back an’ forth two or three
times, till they both had all their chips up an
the stranger he called. 1 don't know whether
he'd ha’ played more on his hand or not, put
Jennings was the dealer an’ he's putty spry
with his fingers. I'd seen the stranger look
at him once or twice like he mistrusted some
thing. but he hadn't said nothin’. | reckon he
warn't sure

“Well the stranger he showed down his four
deuces. an’ Small he showed down a pair o' red
jacks an’ the ace an’ nine spot o' hearte an’
the joker. An’ then they both reached for the

y

 

 

 

t
“What do you mean.’ says the stranger
when he see that Small was goin’ to grab the
chips. ‘You hain't got anything better than
three jacks there. An’ then, when he see tha
Small didn't draw hack, he pulled his gun.
ain't savin,’ but what he was good grit
“Take yer hooks off'n that money,’ he says,

'
}

SUN, SUNDAY,

 

 

Rum was good }

$$ sss sss een ore ene ae

 

(or

. ee?

AUGUST.

— eee ae

 
   

rippin’ out a most onrighteous oath,’ ‘or I'll
ee the to oP your head of, you damned Ar
aneas thief, you.’

“Well, | just naturally expected to hear some
hootin’ after that, an’ 1 went behind the bar,
for 1 didn't want to interfere an’ the stranger
reely brought it on bisaelf by tryin’ fo introduce
his new-fangled notions into the great Ameri-
can game, but to my amazement Small spoke
upas mildasasheepan' hesaye ‘Why, what's
the matter with you anyhow? You don't
seem to understand the rules o° this ame,

Don't you see what live got?’

‘Sure | do, says the «stranger, ‘You've
gor a pair o' jacks an’ the joker, That counts
or three jacks all right, but three Jacks don't
beat four deuces, That pot's mine.’

‘Oh no, ‘taint,” says Small as cool aa ever,
I've got a good deal better than three Jacke
I've got the joker, both bowers and the ace an’
nine o' trumps. That's good for a rin any
way you play the game an’ a run connts double
| was just goin’ to count up the pot to see how
much more you had to pay.’

This seemed to be a@ little more than the
stranwer could stand. 1 know it waa too much
for me an’ | bust ont laughlin’ fit to kill, but
the stranger . he didn't laugh. He raised hi
gun again an’ fired. If bis aim had been goo

mall wouldn't ha’ played no more jokes, but
ete Barlow knocked uP his hand an’ the ball
went through the ceili’ Of course, after
that, Small was obliged to fire in self.

there was quite a# little gun play

minutes
“We never knowed the stranger's name, as

] said afore, but we give him a decent burial in

the old cemetery an’ there was enough money

in his pocket to put up a respectable grave
stone, | didn't think it: was just the thing,
but the poss insisted on having ao inseription
cuton the stone that read. ‘Served him ht,
He tried to play poker with a joker,’ ”

defence an’

for a few

THE UNACCOUNTABLE LOBSTER.

Capt. Hen. Keeney Has Something to Say

About the Troublesome Critters.”

Fisvern's Isuanp, N. ¥, Ang 16.—-“I've
always maintained that lobsters are some
of the ‘devil's unaccountables, ” said Capt
Hen. Keeney as he finished the mending of
a netted lobster pot funnel and proceeded to
dipitin the pot of tar at hia side and then spread
it in the sun to dry. “I've fished for ‘em now
for going on thirty-five years, and all that time
they've done nothing but make trouble for
people for those who try to catch ‘em and for
those who eat ‘em as well

“Lobstera are full of
make calculations about ‘em. They've
been scarcer than hens’ teeth hereabouts for
more'n two years, and this month by jingo,
they've struck on like a tidal wave, coming
from nobody knows where, and although every-
body has heretofore been predicting the end

of the lobster, now they're thicker than swamp
huckleberries And the prices for ‘em in the
New York market are away off, which shows
that lobsters are pouring in there from all over
the country

“The price has simply dropped out of sight
considering the work there is in’ catching the
critters, Before they struck on, a good sized
lobster was a valuable commodit Now we
are offered but eight and one-hatt cants for
large ones and five cents for small ones. It's
just the lobsterman's luck, though. My father
used to say that his hens would never lay ex-
cept when esg@s was ninepence a dozen, and it's
so about lobstering, When you can catch
lobsters you can't get anything for ‘em

‘T guess there's nothing in the way of fish
quite so unaccountable as lobsters. They
were 89 scarce ip to a month ago that a day's
hard work in handling a gang Of sixty pota
in the deepest water of the Race wouldn't
yield you more than forty pounds of lobater,
which is the poorest kind of luck. Then comes
news that they were a-@etting big hauls of ‘em
up inthe Gulfof St. Lawrence and down Maine
and Nova Scotia way T went down to Roston
two months ago and the Halifax steamers were
in there just loaded with crated live lobsters,
and so the way-down-east fishermen as a
consequence were making money hand over
fist, for they were a-getting the fancy prices
that New fork was willing to pay for lobster
stock at that time

‘Rut in a few weeks the Maine lobsters etrnck
off shore and then the lobster steamers began
to have to make longer and longer cri’
to get the fish. One steamer came into Boston
while T was there with 7,609 from Anticosti
Island That was the first time they said that
a smack or a steamer had ever gone that far
for lobstera. Anticost!is about nine hundred
miles off, they said, and when a lobster boat
had to travel 1,800 miles, they said, to get a
fare of lobsters, it waa evident that lobsters
WAS a-getting pretty scarce at the eastern end
of the United States. That's what they said,
and I agreed with ‘em

“You see our Government allows lobsters to
come in free of duty from Canadian waters, and
that's where I calculate the supply is coming
from now that is knocking the prices of our
catch here at home to smithereens. The Inb-
sters are admitted frae of guy because our
people have a powerful tooth for the ters
and because our own supply has nm falling
off. Consequently there's a pile of attention
being paid to lobster catching down around
the provinoes now, and I am told that the loh-
ster at present constitutes a sixth of all the
goods that now come here from those shores,

“Well, the season with us kept a-running on
and it got to be July and still there waan't noth-
ing doing in lobstering here and some of us
heard all at once that lobsters had struck on
bie at. Lancaster, of the coast of Virginia
Our fellows shipped a lot of lobster trap frames
in sections there =z freight and were going
down there to try a hand at them when the un-
accountable critters struck on here and we've
been catching ‘em right well ever since

“Another unaccountable thing about the
lobster is its apparent failure to increase in
numbers, although young lobsters by the mil-
lion are being dumped overboard here in the
race every summer by the Government fish-
hatching people from Woods Holl. Capt.
Late Rathbun of Noank in the little schooner
smack Gracie Phillips goes around among the
lobster Gahermen on the coast and buys up all
the ew@ lobsters they have and takesthem to the
hatcheries. In years past he has gathered up
hundreds of ewa-bearing lobsters in this way
and the ew@s have been hatched by the scien-
tists at the Hall. ‘The fishermen save the ege
lobsters for Capt. Late, as he pays a price for
‘em that makes it an object ut now the ege
lobsters have become so searce that Capt
Late has had to give up hunting for ‘em He
got only fifty-eight lobsters on his last scout
along shore when he ought to have taken at
least a hundred

“The young lobsters that are dumped into
the race are only half an inoh long and they
have no shell formation atall. Ltry to belleve
that theg are swallowed by preying fish just
about as quick as they reach the water, for I
hate to think that we cannot hatch out and
raise therm as well as we are doing with codfish
But as near as | can make out, it is impossible
to hatch lobsters in provortion to the number
eantured, and unless this newly arrived crop
of lobsters means more than I think it does, in
less than five years’ time you'll see lobaters
sich a luxury that only t rich can afford
them. In my opinion, the lobsters at all the
hatcheries ought to be kept until they are able
to take care of themselves

“An unusually curious thing about this year's
lobsters is the fact that there are @ lot of blue
and black ones among them. Over at Mon-
tauk and around Fort Pond Bay his summer
very many of the lobsters are of these colors,
the fauna of which is mighty scaroe, usually,
and we never have had such totally black lob:
sters as we see this year. Capt. Lod Crocker
of New London caught a blue lobster at Mon-
tauk the other day which was just as pretty
4 Yale blue as you ever clanped your eyes on.
It is a beauty and he's got it on exhibition over
at New London still e told me that he never
saw inall his years of lobstering such a perfect
blue lobster, and I must say I never did e've
always held that the blue lobsters come om
out Nantucket Shoals way, and ff this is #o, it
helps to convinee us that our present big in-
flux of lob-ters find their way fom that source.
There are lots of lobsters, too, this year

“And another thing--many of this year's
lobsters have their names on ‘em more plainly
merked than you'll generally see. Eyer know
that lobsters carried their names with ‘em?
Well, they do. Every lobster's got his name.
Tt's marked on his body and it can be read if
you know how to pick up the fish in such a way
that the critter can't bite you and then look in
the right place for it. Turn the lobster over o
its back and on the Inside of its thighs you wil
see short characters which plainly spell the
word ‘Jim’ or ‘Jack’ or ‘Joe’ or some other
short name, asthe case may be. The names of
the lobsters are contained in a list of about
six words and they don't very much, As
said, they are remarkably nlafn this year.
That's one of the unaccountable things about
the lobster

“What's the biewest lobster I've heard of this
senon’ Guess there ain't been none to beat
that is-nounder that Cant. Jim Wileox took off
South Ea-t Point, Block Island. — [ve seen big-
ger, but that was a cliopar. It was a yard
from tip of tail to tip of claws and Its body was

trouble, You can't
no

twenty inches long. It had q-inen feel or
sinellers, But th ere big lobsters ain't as
good eating as the smaller ones. + believe

they mate people sick much quicker than the
little fellows .”

 

Kamblebees Prevent a Bartal,

From the Cincinnati: Enqutrer.

New Apany, Ind, Aug. 8&.—Bumblehees
created consternation at the funeral of James
Brackin, who was buried at Bradford yester-
day afternoon. As the funeral cortdge neared
the grave the horses attached to the hearse
stepped into a bumblebees’ nest. The bass

«warmed out and attacked the invaders of their
home. The horses became frantic from the
stings and reared and plunged until the hearse
was nearly upset. The driver was stung so
badly that both eyes were closed in a few min-
utes and he was forced to flee. A number of

the mourners were stung, but courageously
ran to the hearse and unhitched the ho
which ran away. areatest excitemen

revailed. The horses were squealing in pain
and women and children were se a « =
pain and fright. The hearse an gorpee were
abandoned, while the crowd fled from the
grave.

19, 1900.

  
   

—— a

ROBY THE BEAR ANARCHIST

ANEW WHEN TO USE DYNAMITE AND
TO GIVE UP HIS LIFE.

 

 

Saved His Owner's Life After a Period of Long
and Faithfal Service. He Blew the Mint
Cabin to Pieces When Hostile Apaches

It to Rob and Kill the Owner,

Warsaw, N. ¥., Ata 1&- “LT owe my life to
a remarkable chain of eventa, but principally
to the Anarchists,” said the old miner, who is
summering at Jay Winstead’s place near here.
“TL raise my chapeau to them on any and every |
occasion. 1 have read a good deal about the |
Anarchists since coming East this Ume, and
it all reminds me of my bear, Roby. Ah, but
lean never pay the debt I owe to him, and to
the Anarchiasta.

“This only shows what circumstances and
teaching will do for man or beast. If Roby |
had been pounded and kicked around by a|
drunken, but otherwise harmless Dutchman,
instead of by a dog of a Frenchroan, who had
revolutionary ideas and wanted to blow up
men and buildings, he would never have tm- |
bibed such ideas, and he would have died a
righteous and honest death. Roby knew all |
the time that he was treading on dangerous
ground, but he formed his habits of actlon just

|

 

 

 

as the men who taught him his tricks got theirs,
and when the habit was thoroughly fastened
to him it dragged him down. From bad he
went to worse, and it was all hia ruin, and my
salvation.

“One of Roby'a many good tricks had been
taught him by the Frenchman, who waa, I
should explain, an organ grinder, who made
execrable mualo which nobody could possibly
defend. Roby was the chief attraction in that
show. The Frenchman taught him to shake
hands, dance the steps of different nations,
shake flags around his head frantically, and
do‘a little Anarchist stunt that always caught
with the people who knew what it meant. The
children liked the things that appealed to their
eyes most, but there were lots of foreigners in
the Western mining camps, and they under-
stood what the Frenchman meant when he
Shouted to Roby

"A bas le roi

“You would have laughed to see Roby's eyes
glare and the ferocious grin he would assume
when his lord and master uttered these words.
Then more than probably the vile Frenchman

would give Roby alighted candle, and he would
whirl it around his head, and growl in a most
ferocious fashion. It was an exhibition that
caught some of the folka in almost every min-
ing town, and they shelled out their coin liber-

ally. If he got enough money, Roby had the
oandie to eat, and he would devour It with much

pleasure. He got to know that if he gave his
Anarehist trick well enough he would have a
candle to reward him. So ne unproved and also
acquired the candie habit with a vengeance.

would Say,
to our doc-

the foreiguers
take readily

"A&A fine bear,’
‘Even the animals
trines.’

‘Roby changed masters when the French-
man became engaged in a street fight and
was killed. ‘A French hound,’ one of the
miners called him and they drew pistols. Shots
were fired rapidly, and one of the residente,
&quatting down behind Koby, took deliberate
aim at the Frenchman and bored him through
the heart

“"A bas le roi,’ sereamed the Frenchman
with his last breath.and Roby immediately
attacked his master's murderer, and before
he could be pulled off the law had no need of
The populace did not dasire to
call a bear to account, @pecially as he had
saved the county a few hundred dollars in
trial expenses, and the hotel keeper, who was
made administrator of the Frenchman's effecta,
came into possession of Roby for the price
of a pine coffin. This is where Roby's life
history properly begins,

*I came into the comp one pretty day late
in the fall and found my friend the hotel Rooper

‘There's bin some etealin’
he said to me ‘Ther suspeck
Roby. He's th’ most innercent b’arever you
sea. | tolde'em a whopper ‘bout him
now, they think Roby's dead.’

“He is dead if you can lie straight enough.
1 brought in a bear to-day, and 1'm going to
take him to camp with me, 1 said.

‘Sure ‘nough, you did; 1 tumble.” said mr
good friend the hotel keeper

“So Roby went back with me to my cabin,
and within a week be was mine, body and soul.
He followed me like a pig dow. 1 rigged up
a drag something like the conveyances the
Indians fastened to their ponies, and Ropy
took the part of a heast of burden, a faithful
watchdog and a companion Teould not
imagine a more useful animal than Roby was
tome. He could haul about all se provisions
L needed, and when 1 had them In my cabin
1 was pretty sure of their staying there until
Roby and | had devoured them
_ “For a bear that had been brought up tn
6lich tremendously poor soclety_my good aid
and companion was a wonder. He never took
things unless he was invited to, and | felt more
admiration for him day by day. | really be-
gan to be frightened when 1 thought how much
attached | had becometohim. You have prob-
ably owned a pet dog, and he has run away
for a few hours and you have chased to the
police and put ads in the papers and talked
to all your neighbors about the missing pet
Then imagine tow much Roby was to me,
far away from anybody to care or lavish any
affection upon me

‘We had

interfering.

vety disconsolate
‘round here,’

Mum,

struck ore in paying quantities,
which meant that ! could go to town often
and take on provisions, | usually had to
leave the bear with my friend the hotel man
for a few days each time. and | didn’t want to
ao back without him, so | stayed and enriched
the hotel man's till. On one of these tripe
he took me to one side mysteriously

“TL think I have cured Roby of his one bad
habit,” he said. ‘He'll eat no more tallows.
You jest take him back, and keep him allus,
and be good ter him, till death doth you part.’

"This was the first 1 had heard about Roby’s
attachment for such a queer thing as tallow
candles, but | then heard the whole story of his

bringing up, and | then and there decided that
1 would do nothing to bring back those old
days if 1 could avoid it. The hotel man had

used a very simple remedy to cure him <A
little pepper judiciously inserted in one had
accomplished the trick.

“Before going back 1 purchased a stock of
dynamite for mining operations, You know
how the treacherous stuff comes. It is in
sticks, and one of these innocent little things
can do more damage than a_ two-for-a-cent
silver shouter any day. And talk about ex-
panaionists, A little drop of the nitroglycerine
does more expanding than any other article
of equal size 1 ever heard of. Well, Roby
dragged a lot of this explosive back to the
cabte with us that night, and when we got
there 1 laid the dynamite out to dry. Roby
had the run of everything in the place, and so
when L heard him chasing around the hut during
the night i paid no attention

“On looking at my dynamite in the morning
I found that one stick was missing, and ac-
counted for it on the assumption that they had
sold me short welaht. 1 made a mental note
of {t, so asto have it corrected. The next night
another stick disappeared next nignt two
sticks. Then 1 sat up, and about midnight
saw Roby get up and religiously start
devour some of the explosive, Too se
to make a motion 1 waited until he had finis|
a stick of the stuff, and seeing that he didn’t
blow up or disappear into space I made a racket
and he stop

“That bear came over to my shake-down,
licking his chops and looking perfectly satis-
fied with himself and the meal he had eaten,
l couldn't sleep with any particular delight that
night, fearing that somethin would happen
to jar him up inside, and as I didn’t carry much
accident insurance and the ambulance service
wasn't eapecially good around Redfire Gulch
1 repulsed the advances of Roby for onoe, wait-
ing to see what the effects would be, 1 re-
membered that 1 had been told that dynamite
was made of almost anything, and hoped
and praved that there was notbing explosive
in this lot of the day before.

*L put the dynamite under the floor and felt
that it was beyond any bear's ability to con-
tinue in stich an awful habit, | remembered
how every body | had ever heard speak of dyna-
mite felt an intense respect for the stuff, and
this idea of making it an article of food gave
me bad dreams nights, | began to visit strange
planets in a very informal and unsystematic
manner, and one night 1 was engaged in Gading

1
h

n to

the different parts of my anatomy in the brus

outside the cabin. This led to insomnia, whic
ted until | had impressed myself with the

belief that Roby had ceased to love dynamite.

4 ofthe never love dynamite,” said the hotel
keeper one day when | told him about my
troabie. ‘Only Anarchists does that.’

“That's just it,’ | cried, an idea striking me.
‘I believe he's an Anarchist bear.’

“*Pehaw’ replied the hotel man. ‘Bears
don't know enough: to be Anarchists.’

Prhat's a mistake of yours.’ | answered.
"You don't have to be much of a bear to be an
Anarchist. | think it comes the most natural
to them of anything else. The r sym-
bolizes Russia, and there are a lot of Anarchists
there. See, a discovery. But that don't help
meout with Roby.”

**aray with him.” eaid the hotel man.

“Argue with a rank Anarchist? No use at
all ih opinion is that if Roby don't love
dynami(te he's courting it mighty strong.’

“The upshot of it was that | bought giant
powder to do my_ blasting with, instead of
dynamite, but it didn't ao ma@ht. Each stick
of dynamite ts about the size of a candle, and it
is handy to use. though dangerous. You can't
do the work with giant powder, aqoording to
my way of thinking. at least | can't. So one
day when a blast sizzled and went off inte the
air like a rocket, burning ny bear's hide off in

rrr rr SSS Sse

  

 

 

itches 1 gave it up and went back to dynamite,
most forgetting the smouldering fires of
anarchy that were about me

“The bear had the privilege of dragging the
dynatnite baok to the cabin, and that night 1
stored the stuff in the hut, with no precautions
beyond those of seeing that \t wae spread out
to keep cool and drv. The bear watched my
motions, and it seemed he waa saying to
me that it was strange he had ever liked that
stuff, Leven ventured to pick up one of the
sticks, go over to where he was sitting and
soke it under his pose. He turned bia big
ead uway, and looked off in the distance

‘) have had many occasions since to look
with extreme awe at Roby's conduct on that
occasion. He resisted his temptation in a
most manly way. He wanted to get a taste
of that nitro-glycerine, but he was flehting
With himself. in the face of all this he had
the strength of character to turn hia head
Away from the evil. His eyes reated with
reat intentness upon a tall, scragely pine
across Kedfire Guich. and a second glance at
this same spot showed me that two Indlans,
painted up and befeathered, were gtarding
tinder the tree, Maybe Roby saw the Indians,
but my idea ta that he saw visions of martyrs
and patriots and heroes who looked in the
face of their temptation and resisted it ;

“L speedily forgot the dynamite incident in
MY interest over the Indians, They were
Apaches, and might be looking for trouble

“The dynamite, which was to be such an
important element in the incidenta of that
night. was spread out near the door, and 1
fixed Robw's bed on the other side of the door
My shakedown waa on the other «ide of the
room opposite the door. Under me was a
lot of valuable ore, which | thought might
tempt robbers, and which | was ready to pro-
tect with a gun oneither side of me, Before
lving down for the night Lt took a look around
to see that everything was in good order. The
Indians had disap red, the full moon sho wed,
and all was bright and clear. The vell of a
acreech ow! was the only sound I could hear

“IT must have slept well, despite the dis-
turbing things I had seen, for when T awoke it
was with a atart, and my eves were dazzled

“with the light of the moon, which shed its full

lustre through the doer, The wind was hlow-
ing across my face, and thie had aroused me
Bit what I instantly saw held me to the bed
as though strong cords were around me. The
door was filled with painted Apaches, and five
or more guns were levelled at my head

“Roby was not in his bed, I inatantly per-
ceived, and as I glanced around the room T got
another shock Thera Roby stood beside the
shelf of dynamite, and one of the sticks was
held firmly in his paws, while he munched at
one end. The light was so bright that T could
see the tiniest thing. [knew that if but a dron
of the nitro-elvcerine should fall it) would
explode, and then the explosion would wreck
every thin,

“Two deaths faced me at that Instant. It
seems a long time when one is telling it, but
it was really only a small fraction of a minute,
I saw that in one corner of Roby’s mouth a
little dron of the nitro-glycerine raated, about
to fall. I decided. It was to be by dynamite

“'h bas! T shouted at the top of my voice

“The drop of the explosive fell as Roby
dronped suddenly to the floor. The drop ex-
ploded with a report like a rifle shot. Then
thera camo a deafening explosion that rent
evervthing about. I don't need to say that the
whole magazine had exploded, and that those of
the Apaches who weren t killed by the explosion
were very easy targete for the other miners,
who heard the explosions. Roby's body was
found in parts, and his revolutionary existence
was ended

“With much labor I used chisel and hammer
to carve mit Robv's epitaph in the stone under
the scragely pine over Redfire Gulch. This
ia what I eald for my good friend and compan-

fon
“This {fs Roby's grave,
Anarchiat by education,
Dynamiter by habit
Inadvertently he died for his master.
"A bas, Roby.’”

 

THE SHIRT-WAIST MAN.

 

HOPE IN

Strong Potnts in Favor of the S§yle Set Forth
by a Shirt-Waist Girl.

“It has always been a wonder to me,” sald the
shirt-waist girl to the shirt-waist man, “why
you boys didn't adopt the shirt watest long ago.
I prefer seeing a man In one of those soft, cool
looking shirts. A atiff linen frontis so Inartiatio,
you know.”

“I didn't know,” the shirt-walst man admitted,
“but thev're conducive to artistic profanity in
the dog days.”

“And consquently {mmoral. Now, don't
order lemon seltzer, you'll spoll the symphony.”

“What symphony?”

“Your green shirt waist, my green dimity and
your verdancy. Try a creme de menthe.”

“It's the details that make life worth while,”
commented the shirt-waist man as he sipped his
iced drink.

“As I was saying,” began the shirt-waist girl
again, “I always did abominate those stiff, silly
shirt fronts; and then a big handsome man never
appears to auch advantage as in a eilk shirt and
flannels. You needn't shake your head. You've
just the figure to show ‘em off weli, and you
know it.”

“This {s no mere matter of vanity, as you
seem to suppose,” the shirt-waist man began in
solemnly reproachful tones; “it’s the principle
of the thing, and the comfort. I'm not making
a holy show of myself just to exhibit my glad-
fatorial proportions. 1- "

“Of course not,” agreed the shirt-walst girl,
sweetly. “Tt was the principle of the thing and
the comfort that caused you to have made that
full-length portrait of yourself in your hand-
some shooting clothes which rou wore in the
woods last summer.”

“Merely to show you that I was comfortable.
I thought you would be pleased.”

“That's what we are talking about, isn't it?
You are comfortable in the shirt waist, and ad-
ditionally so because you know you appear to
advantage. That's human nature.”

“Woman's nature,” corrected the shirt-walst

man
“If it is man nature to be Indifferent to being

attractive to those he's fond of ~

“Now don't misunderstand—— “

“Eddie,” the shirt-waist girl interrupted
hurriedly, “do men have waists?”

“Military cadets and athletes and fellows
who train, but the average man (contempt-
out) no.”

“Who cares for the average The
shirt-waist girl laughed happliy “I have
it. I've lain awake nights trying to think
up something to improve men’s sbirt-waists,
and couldn't. You see wasn't sure about
the waists. But if you've really got a waist
line-er, that is, something, you know, to fasten
a pulley belt about, I'll rig you up a support
that'll make you the envy of your fellow men.”

“Girl,” said the shirt-waist man, “don't trifle.
The shirt-waist problem is the real thing--
serious, earuest business, you know.”

“That's because you've only had men at
work on it. Now woman's ingenuity ---"

“I think I've heard something like that be-

fore.”

“Maybe, and you will again, In higher
mathematics, now, and electricity and the
ologies, and getting off a street car pro’ ir
and things of that sort, why, I'm perfectly
willing to admit that the sex which concedes
its superiority i proficient. But the
really important ‘airs of life, like making
a man happy and oomfortable and altogether
satisfied with himself, are in woman's province,
and that’s why I've been lying awake nights
trying to help you '

‘You always were « dear little girl,” began
the shirt-waist man, “and yet this interest in
the welfare of my sex seems suspicious. Is
there—that is--I mean ia there any particular
man? If 1 could help you—-

“You can- by helping to set
said the shirt-waist girl hurriedly
get all of the nice menu to wear them.”

“Shirt-waistse?”

The shirt-waist girl nodded and reddened
under her beautiful coat of bicycle brown.

“Those flercely black evening clothes are bad
enough at the dancing parties during the sea-
son,” she said, “but at the summer hops they're
an abomination. I sometimes believe they
were invented just to make girls miserabla
You know vourself that a black coatsleeve
ia show clear across the lawn in the moon-
ight.”

“Show?” gasped the shirt-waist man

“Yes, show. Girls always do wear white
party gowns, and it's scandalous the way envt-
oe people talk Now the sleeve of a shirt
walst- ”

man?”

the fashion,”
“Try. to

“L see.” said the shirt-waist man
“Well, vou wouldn't if the sleeve was of
light material. Those delicate greens and

pinks and blues all look white in the evening. ”

“You're a genius!”

“And then, too,” went on the shirt-waist girl,
as though thinking aloud, “we have to wear
oceans of powder on hot nights, even if it ia
only talcum, and you know how dreadfully
it rubs off against a rough surface—"

The shirt-waist man sighed sympathetically

“And some men just wont understand that
a powder puff in summer is absolutely neces-
sary if a girl is to look well— ”

“Of course,” the shirt-waist man assured her

“And then, too, when a girl is sunburned
her face hurts wretchesly, and {f it happens to
be presse) against a coatsleeve or a shoulder—"

he shirt-waist man smoothed the soft ma-
terial of his shirt waist approvingly

“why of course the rough material makes
it worse Now a soft silk or batiste—"

“I perceive,” said the shirt-waist man, “that
Tam the leader of a fashion that willendure.”

There Is No Exouse for It.

The idea that many advertisers have of k

.
On expense simply to "kee eye

in their names before the

ere’ of 80 appiea Ertate mediums when
satisfac results are not realized ie purely senti-
mental. member this, and also f Bur, whe
placing your ordere again. The Rea "Busts Board
of Brokers use Tae Sv for ite reliable news matter
Qs well as tne columns for advertising. Adv,

    
 

ASYLUM LIFE BRIGHTER,

EFFORTS TO CHEER THE INSANE IN
THE STATE HOSPITALS,

Hight and Air Part of the Cure
food Effects of the
~ Musical Diversions A Hay of Light in
Oblivion Outdoor Sports for the Insane,
It does seen a little out of place to speak
of the bright side of life ino werent hospital,
People are apt to think of sich institutions
as being full of gloom and sorrow. There
in something forbidding eve jbout tne @ray
walls of a State hospital, and Uf ever cireume
stances compel us to consign coe of our friends
to one of them we are inclined to consider him
for the time at least as good, or as bad as dead,
and to go into mourning accordingly
Perhaps the common notions on thie subject

 

Nowadays
Cottage System

may he traced to a hurried visit made some
day to an Institution of the kind, when the
guide rushed the visitors along, taking no
particular pains to conduct them where the
brightest) side might be seer The scenes
presented in the quarters in whieh the acute
eases are treated Hier in the memory for
months, and it is not easy to forget the terrte
ble cries and the agonived appeals made to
visitor on such occasions If this were a fale
view of life in a hospital for the treatment

of the insane, one might well shrink from fue
ther consideration of the aubioet

But suppose we make a more leisurely ute
vey of the hospitel, following inmates
through several weeks of their and looke
ing not anh the dark side of the pieture,
If the day be pleasant, as we look about ug
we cannot but notice that every effort is made
to have the various rooms as bright and cheery
ns possible The windows are large so as to
let in as much light as po The sume
shine floods the wards everywhere, and tna
every spot from which the shadows have bean
driven away, chairs and other comforte

able seats have been placed afferding the pas
tients opportunity to drink in the haalthent ne
properties of sunshine, On the walls are plote
ures, bright carpets and rugs are on the floorg,
and other interesting objects attract the ate

its

 
  

lives,
at

ssible

OOS

 

 

tention of the people who occupy these rooma,
The corridors are as cheerful as they can be
and at certain hours of the day these

a
thronged with such persons as are able to walle
about accompanied by attendants Here
they mingle treely and converse with one ane:
other, under proper restrictions

On sunshiny days the inmates who are no®
in the acute stages of diseuse are permitted to
‘© out of doors, attended by their nurses, for
ong walks, from which they come back ree
freahed in body and with thonehtson the helpful
things which have been presented by nature
along the way. At certain seasons of the year
the men who are able to work are taken ou
upon the farms, which are always connected!
with these hospitals, and a stated amount o
labor is given them to perform, care being tak
that they shall not exert themselves beyond)
their strength. In some of the New York Xtate
institutions as many as 70 per cent. of the ine
mates are thus employed: and it is unquestione
ably true that this employment has a marked
curative power

In at least one of the New York hospitals what
is known as the cottage system is now being
tried with excellent resulta. These cott
are located at some distance from the hosp!
proper and at a distance from one another o

rhape half a mile, those for men and wom

ing entirely separate. The men quarter
at the cottages are employed on the farm, wh
the women attend to their own housework an
do the mending for the men. The plan to
make the cottages as nearly like the ordinary’
farmhouse as possible. It ts wonderful how
the patienta enjoy life in the cottages. Aa on
about 100 patients can at presen’ e revelved
{n these buildings the patients are frequently
changed so as to give as many as possible an

opportunity to get out upon the farm for a few
days. The quiet of this life acts like a o
in contrast with the excitement necessarily

attendant upon life in the main building. There
is a sense of liberty here which in itself is more
valuable than medicine, and more and more
this is coming to be a part of the regular course
of treatment. Very seldom do the patienta
try to take advantage of the liberties given them,

Ag you pass through the central corridor,
suddenly you are greeted by strains of musie
coming from some aleove high over your h
You stop and listen, and you are surp
when you are informed that the band which
furnishes the music is made up wholly or in
part of the inmates of the hospital Tn some
of the State pospitals these bands have attained
a remarkable degree of proficiency, while their
work has no doubt been productive of great
good. In hospitals where no band can be ore
ganized from among the Inmates or employees,
music is frequently provided by the managera
from outside talent. On certain days of the
week in the amusement hall, which has come
to be a feature of all hospitals, there is musio
and dancing for those who are disposed to trip
the light fantastic toe

On still otherevenings of the week stereopti-
con exhibitions are given. These are grea
diversified by exchanging with other hospit
of the State. From time to time also popular
plays are presented. At such entertainments, @
degree of interest is manifested which Is in n
respect behind that displayed by the mos
cultivated audience: while the appreciation o'
a genuine dramatic situation or a thrill
climax is often so keen as to satisfy the mos!
ambitious actor

Sometimes an unexpected flood of light tg
let in upon the past life of the inmates who are
in attendance upon these performances, Ree
cently in one of the hospitals of New Yor
a Japanese juggler ang sleight-of-hand perform:
er had been engaged to amuse the patients o
an evening. He had charmed and surp
those who sat before him by his wond
tricks. Among others who were present w
a@ poor fellow who had forgotten everythin,
he had ever known. Even his name ha i
lost in the awful oblivion which had overtake
him; and when he was admitted to the institue
tion, it was under a name given him by the aue
thorities. No one knew who he was or any=
thing about his past history. Sitting there
that night watching the Japanese fu gler,
some loat chord of his nature seemed Sha
been touched, and springing up he pr
toward the stage

a" like to see what 1 can do at that!” he
sa

At first the attendant tried to keep him quiet
and pulled him back again, thinking of La
this was only one of the patient's vagaries,
He was not to be stilled in that way,

however,
and fairly begged to be allowed to try his hand
at the tricks. Finally the performer paid:

“Let him come up and try

And John did try, and so siocessfully ¢
burst after burst of applause greete
He was able to throw the Japanese far into
eclipse by his astonishing feats. When h
rame down his companions fairly hug,

im in their joy. Nor was this the last of jt,
Not long afterward the manager seoured
leading opera house of the city and it was fill
even to the footlights with delighted specta
who cheered John to the echo Who on tal
but this may prove to be the means of bringing
himself back to himself some day

Comfortable and well-lighted libraries
plied with recent publications in the line o

ooks and magazines still further ght
the lives of the Inmates, not one of whom
takes pleasure in looking at the pict 4
nothing more. And in most of the State
pital of the present day means are pro
n the gymnasiums and outdoor games
paren culture sai

n the summer season whenever possible
parties are made up of the patients for exours
sions upon the water or to some nearb
resort. (Games of baseball and foo
nish amusement in their season, vari
evening by concerts on the la or
trolley rides of a pleasant night through t
city and its suburbs. Perhaps at the same
time other attendants are conducting parties
of men far out into the woods; while quigt
tlightly disturbed women are allowed to walle
about the grounds, where swings, easy seata
and flowers and trees invite repose, On the
deep piagzas sit the old and infirm, dreaplng
the hours away until night comes. On Bune
days, dressed in their best, the patients all
attend religious services in the chapel unles@
too ill to do so

But perhaps the brightest spot of all the
year is the Christmas tide, of which much {e
made by most if not allof the hospitalaat ee
present time. Weeks before Christmas, the
managers send out letters to those who have
friends in the various institutions, inviting them
to furnish some gift for the oceasion. As the
result of these letters, great bundles and packe
ages of every description are received.

On Christmas eve, the chapel is brave
decorated with evergreens all trees stan
on the platform, loaded witb gifta and brile
liantly lighted up. There is music and some.
times a short operatic performance. Then
the gifte are distributed. All are remembered
in some way or another. Watching tha Dee
tients as they one by one receive their tokens
of remembrance, the visitor may see their
faces light up with pleasure, or again may
find the tears coming into his eves as the poor ’
unfortunates weep at the thought of the dear
ones at home who have not forgotten them.

KANSAS PROSPERITY,

What an Energetic Widow With Six @irts
Can Do When She Tries.

Wicaita, Kan, Aug. 15. Mrs. William Crump
who lives near Calumet has had great luck in
farming. Five years ago her husband died and
left a $600 mortgage onthe place. She was also
left with six girls Butshe started in to work
and made the givis help her This vear she
war able to put more than $1,000 in the bank,
pay off nl! debts, purchase 85) worth of new
machinery for the farm «nd takeatrip bad
Fast to see the relatives of her dead husban
who advised her to leave the farm and coma
and jive with them when her husband died,
Bhe owns 100 acres of Ja: