ay.

a

2 Ee ee

NS

moe

ee

op see

a

ey

tee

I had about concluded to

MYSTE R Yy OF TWO V ASES, Ay err contenting. myself with my |

taking 4 fall out of Kegkn

 

 

 

  

 

 

   

 

 

 

    

 

 

   

  

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

   

advance, or perhar
nld hy te iHnue him what tis brother wha up fo,
rh ‘ gE ‘ Id vavarad ial hher heart Mias Muaid-
REGINALD ZACKER'S LOSS AND RE- wher ‘ mo red Hint i et ate of fh depenie
pert bates em all 1 ‘ }
COVERY OF AN HEIRLOOM Foe i et ee and eapecially that ahe
7 | hegrideed M Lucile the wouth, beauty nnd
The Thief Who Made Love to Two Women at Paeinl ndvantas which she hers if 1. ud
Once and the Governess Who Songht Seem. | opever lave immed wtaly pit Inga tel
’ wi ‘ ’ me at " “ Te
rity A Detective’s Play on Haman Netare | =) 1 mt} 4 th her 7 ME ee duckere
Results of The Unexpected Alllance, | funy niet tag and that oy alin tne
n 2 nae di! « "of the vase Wie the of easontial to
There \ as consternation in the household | aces for he yasn 8 Bi nally a Mh
of Reginald Zacker when Miss Maidment, ene | [UII ID en and thore to ease the snags
of whose duties it was to cleanse and poll h and divert away diMiendt « Not ” the
7 ! t en worn think that WHA
the Zacker vase came nto the breakfast room | end by f Mi Ow Ot ‘ jy chain bath ba pone |
with he NNouncement t t that ancient rei one auto one tine and one out another lo '
was missing. Miss Matdment herself was too k the casket at Muide |
; er so fur ia Miss Mai
self-contained and her experience as nursery | Phat settled ther pity, var ‘ " dq
vegit ws HOneOr ned e ale " ‘
governess had been too varied to show signa les < 1" cure af Lhd walked off with the
of excitement: stil, she was tinusually @TAYO, | vnc and er refurned. but Ww 1 | " ile it
76 > awn hia pl t fur lifferent She helteved that wus
while the old gentleman swore, wad plurop, bal 4 Tn vee ter i Ant: Oh vad Hat
good-natured wife grew tearful, and Pucile, : slha Hh othat ite absenes should be noted |
their eldest dauchte Ineped = her hanes | ond thus eatume ined that rolalit ruin the
’ ‘ ure we dt wm teweother nd;
in the high dramatic stele of a distressed a a SS Te a the repli i, th cone, }
maiden nee { when we tee the real vase
( k V srt
The Zacker vase, be it knewn, wae an heite tai at the cake we | othe imitetien in lis f
| t ol n , t wl ‘
loom, intrinsically valuable from the gems with jt ©, so 0 i! hen ol darker «1 \ cme , |
\ ould ature through the wall and be satisfied. |
whieh it was studded, but priceless, since ite | gana e TD Ne ant ean, Tonk
posreassion was proof positive of the superiority | 1 eur teolt house about 5 e'cloek in the
' ! I
of the particular Zackers having it in charee. | ntternoon, cart di ° Rude Iph an k ; |
' | ‘ ry th price wereed aod came tore ole
For there were other Zackers, the detestable | Nk Sie tthe never to haat of Ht op the mick ra }
branch spring from Rudolph Zacker, whoa again. Of cour &niithers and | will do the
gerted legal right to the distinguished ehattel b for von, Cronkit ! ys " ke : Ht OBS
} ' stter of breaking a parte sindov " -
personal The case bad heen in the courts ; Au aalts Rud Ih s } the thing on the (font j
for ten venrs already, with every prose fl oyantel with nary a trick cabinet or alarm to |
another decade's heing exhausted before al guid it T think about two oh indred acura
' right, oat is for we,
decision was reached) so close were the pre- | would he it ‘ ¢! EP oN |
tensions of the two brothers, and se often was 7 Abe ¢ at for a moment in deep re- !
ft essential to procure depositions and copies | fleotior ! price ts all flahe ne |
of ordinances from the Holland town whict ad har wt ie feliver us "
: ln \ now. George, to
avivears before had honored a Zacker in recog. | pol What y fo have |, that ir
. ? ! t weft
nition of eivie serviers by the gift of the vase yore key vi pl
! ‘ o ini the or ‘ i nes
Posseasion, then, was nine pointsof thelaw, ' ne fs « rh : ean ee ine te wie
the tenth point out of sigbt The ‘ I ' wr yput the replies tat e place
ul thought now eame to Mr and Mr ‘ he we i it 1 \ outh that wi
} +} tratht good but what vd the other girl
at the same dreadful moment te © exe f dei thee siti Suppose he
of all other considerations Suppose Rudolph | pared that ve vere tricking her, suppose
‘ ve ve eon the
had cot hold of the vase through means felo~ | che sawn chat to have r w t me |
“ ww gett yossession of their +
nious, but not readily brought home to | | " hated h ae “ i Se re 13 |
With his wealth and outward respectability 4 iplicuted that. she ist remato silent
: 1 |
he woud, in the purblind view toe many, | ppose sl wanted to retain a hold on you,

‘ apd so he rod first to putt liea in
ocenpy their positior } woe Beth Dana a Tine wee
Something must be done at once’ No wone place of the reg then, when vou had
der that Reginald Zacker mished from the ta borne aw “| vie in, triumph. and
ble, leaving his breakfast untasted, to hear | {ht nua} me \ pea LES |

thi e cas we 1 o |
the news to his lawver, Judwe Josiah Mareel what we ad ber from securing
lis, No wonder that Mrs Zacker followed the genui cover of night, het ;
that yo er yur rmiistake ane
hit example as speedily as the equilibrium bee | ing 0 at E eee 5 ie ee ae
tween her stout form and short breath would | 4) at aha could line her own nest by restoring
permit, fesling it disloval to satisfy that an it to the fumils What
t ihle for the tw r Daninaution eried  Gentlema (George,
petite w hieh wae responsible fo o on leet Teadnt ao any hirther, Cronkite That
ditions The wonder wa f wonder existed, inferaal cat did have a chance to make hom
that the voune ladies did not commiserate | sutatitution, after Lacile bad unt hed pe
| op to do her sl efor idt
over the common misfortune, but on the ean- sree, ape Ie i net ' ‘e her : are, | t ‘ yt
stund by and wateh, beim so cons
trary that they parted in silence, indeed, yet devotion to the other, you know that poor |
with all those signs of contempt and aversion, | little girl, too, was se rattled when she saw me |
: sith the vase, and realized for the |
which usually aceompany the epithet, “Minx! walking off with tl "4 dr ys 1 or ;
first time where her romantt iv had led |
Judas Marcellis had some littl difleulty in her, that she t hr easily have been mude to |
preventing his enraged client from rushing at | believe that she had locked the cheiket Up again
adn’ t f Lone thitar, @
once into the police eourt and a seandal In whe abe hadnt, Oh, Un ’ . vt tne, .
ehur am, but just give me tine
his smooth, tranquillizing way, he represented | don Piss gitoutallright, why Chave no knowl-
that one could not base an affidavit solely on a | edge of human bature and have missed my
moral certainty, and that even if it should voeution in working upo} i # eried Smith
t's up to you, sure, George 5 -
become evident that Rudolph had the ase | ora! illite
the title was too much in dispute to instify a Well.” said Cronkite, “you may take such
f re ' indemen otates
charae of larceny against him for holding what Cours , us orge, aS YOU lan t a ta es.
® want beth vases or none eens (oO me
might be his own. fle commented at some | vay ought to attend to the Resinald Zucker
length on the probability of a Mawistrate’s | end, while Snuthers < the prigwing at KR ' |
turning over the matter to the etvil courts for | delph’s. W ith his pe tnt tt lev ts, th " wilt
be wmere cineh to hit m back w@atn to the
STOUR! RRENNE OG! SHA cwarnnes Tn offer to tell the old man that he must give up |
there Rudolph would be allowed to retain pos | his title-quieting 1, and old Zucker to kee |
session pendente lite, on filing satisfactory | cool, say until ¢ oOrrow evening Kh ’
time we ouaht to be ready to work together
bonds; and, then, with the coneliding opinion cece: un lone ine eon enow whare 16 find
that this was a case for counter-mining, he | poe to arranke detatl-
summoned Abe Cronkite, the detective, inte For the next twenty-feur houre | re iy kite |
the offfee and explained the situation to ma brisy inde d There wus the das 9
him ud vise wit privately, there wa seinale
"If Rudolph Zacker bas the vase, where will Zacker, now full of bts and suspicier mand
he keep it?” asked Cronkite wertiments as to how t vase col Wve mon |
“In the most conspicuous place in his house | taken without the cooperation ef scmne ene o
where the whole world can see it, Confound | hix household, to tranquillize and render patient |
him’ greaned Mr. Zacker | There was (ieorge Ringgold to fortify with
“Then,” continued the detective, with a | suggestions in the star role he hud solved to
eide-glance toward the Judee, “I should judge, | Play, W liam Smithers on Dis) part. ind no
sir, that your opinion coincides with mine that | trouble in depriving Rude Ip Zucker ef the |
the simplest way would be to steal it back | more of Joes ae qulng helrloam of hia ' 18, wh
again dump blanket was laid upon e HSK O a
“Entirely so,” said the Judge rear purlor window and then adreitly tapped
In that event, sir, T happen to know of the | and a red-nosed, sullow-faced man had & Ide
very man to do the fob. He must have been | in and out again, with a Neiseless ce ty tha
discharged from prison yesterday, and the | might stir a ghost to fruitless emulation and
homing instinets, which ‘all criminals have, | 80 tie day pussed, and at nightfall, dudge |
will bring hm directly to his old haunts. tis sinh Marcellus, astute, discreet, alwuys on, |
name is Smithers, William Smithers at least | the side of privacy and an amicable settlement-
{t's been that oftener than any other and he’s | procoeded to the Reginald Ai ker house, wo
not only the slickest thief and con. man on the | companied by Gentleman George Rinwwgold
turf, bit also as honest as it is possible to be | us elegantly composed, as if he were about to |
under such circumstances be an honored guest, and was not « burdened
“An all-around man, apparently, mused | swindler, resolved to try the effect of a contes-
the Judge sionof his shame upon two young Women |
“No sir, square is the better word for Smith- | The door was opened by Abe Cronkite him-
ers, if vou nlease * | elf who in some way had secured himself in
“Very well,” said the Judge, “you go ahead, | the place of major dome tor the present. He |
Cronkite, and engage this square cirela, | Ushered the two visitors into the parlor, where |
Straight crook of yours, to prepare to pilfer | the fam ly were assembled, old Reginald Zacker,
the vase But'T have til stru@gling with the problems ef the situn-

an amen‘ment to pro-

pore in the way of quieting the title, which had | tion, his plump and comfortable wife, striving

 

  

 

     

 

etter be settled before he acts. As T remem. | in vain to look wan and distressed, while the
ber, Mr. Zacker, vou have a replica of the vase | fair Lucile with hunds tightls clasped und the
in gilt and paste? Yes, T thought so Then | grave Miss Muidment shot glanees of disfavor
why not have this man, when he recovers the | at each other trom extreine points of ther
original, leave the copy in its place? Theale | The Judge immediately began to
vantages, it seems to ine, are manifold. There | the slow, oratoricul style, which wus second
would be no further litigation: each sive would | nature to him, while Gentleman George traced
be satisfled, there wouls be no other felonious | the pattern of the carpet with his walking
attempts. Of coursein time the public would | stick, a very model of polite inattention

hecorne aware that there were two vases, ear h “My companion here” said the -udge, “who

one said to be the original, but the undisputed | hus been intre duced into this house as a gene
fact that vou oi: have the genuine Zacker | theman. of irreproachable character, deems it
vase in charge for many vears, and the lack | worth his while to make & statement | have
of satisfactory explanation of how Rudolph | promised him immunity and a certain pecu-

niary compensation, if he restores the property
he feloniously abstracted

could have obtaine | it

from vou, would leave
no doubt in the

mings of the jucieious as to

      

 

which one was the real holcer of the heirloom. | ‘That's about the ticket,” rejoined Ring-
Ro, co vou, Mr. Zacker > and fetch the gold easily It's all a matter of bij you
imile, while Cronkite here makes arrangen know. My graft. is naturally the up-and-up
or its substitution | elegant, from old associations when 1 was a |
Abe Cronkite ma‘e three calls for his search | kid in a God-fearing family and hadn't fallen

plumb from grace, And so, when an old cove,

for Smithers: one at a sporting saloon just
who shall be nameless, braced me to swipe the

off the Bowery, another at au windowless and

doorless lodging house between Ninth and ar for him, it was a regular pudding to bunco |
Tenth avenues, and the third at a boarding | you all with a lot of swell guff, and then pick
house up in Harlem, whose genteel preten- | the locks of that gingerbread affair up there,"
sions were shown by cimity curtains and a Oh, what a dreadful talking man," cried
doormat. There at last le fount the dis- | ttle Lucile, fleeing across the room and hid-

ing her head in her mother's lap

charge! convict, with nose gleaming the rud-
“Exactly,” agreed Ringgold, with a

dier for the dingy sallow ness of his complexion, glance

 

 

 

 

outstretched on the bet in the best second- | of amusement toward Abe Cronkite, standing
story front room. Evidently his lines had | in the doorway, “but that ain't.a marker, Miss,
fallenin pleasant places on Easy street, to wit! | to my patter when having a how-d do with

Smithers listenet in silence until Cronkite | the ang And so, Guv'ner, | prigged your
finished his story, and then gave a shrill whisile | pewter for dough, and lve prigged it back
on two fingers, when out from an a joining | again for more doug) You'll find the iden-

| tieal swag in this swipe.’

room came a tall, dark man with the cress and
Reginald Zacker opened the bundle and bore

hearing of a gentleman You Knows George

Ringgold, Abe, con't ver said Smithers: | the vase which it contained over to the light.
“Gentleman George, y' know ) "You scoundrel,” he exclaimed, “lil hold you |
The two men shook hands cordially That'a | to your agreement with my law .or lil have |

   

you behind the bars where you belong. This
le nothing but the replica, the copy, which was
also missing. Produce the Zacker vase, thief,
or Ill turn you over to justice!”

“lL cannot do so,” replied Ringgold sadly, as-
suming once more a cultivated manner and
speech, “It is a mystery what became of it,
a mvstery, which, whatever befalls, 1 shall not
attempt to solve; for that might involve the
happiness of one whom I reapect, of one whom
were {t not for my sins, my wasted life, 1 might
love.” And he drew his handkerchief across
his eyes with fine effect

The silence was broken by light steps, out
and in, and then Miss Maidment spoke in clear,
calmtones, “Here isthe vase,” she announced; |

| took it because | hate you all, as vou have
| despised and humiliated me." She turned to |

where the swindler sat in mock sorrow, his |
face in his hands, and stood before him with
arms outstretched ‘Come,” she said softly

] don't care for vour sins, and your life would
not be wasted with me!”

Again Gentleman George looked over toward
Ah» Cronkite, but now there was confusion, |

almost as tight 4 grip as vou gave me the last |
tirne we met, Abe.” said Gentleman George

“But notso much of a pinch,” adced Smithers,
and then the three laughed heartily, as if it
Was pleasant to recall such trifling experiences.

When the pipes were lighted, Smithers
gan “I let you go on, Abe,” he explained
to save repetitun, well knowin’ as how George
here wud have his ear as clus to the keyhole
on one side as it is to his nut on the udder
You see, that was his job, priggin’ that ere
Jar; and the fruits of the plant is what he is
sheerin’ with yours truly, for some time dis-
odie? but how tetaroed to active juty,”

“Then,” said Cronkite thoughtfully, turnin
to Ringgold, “perhaps vou wont feel—* . |
“LT stopped Feeling about twenty vears ago,”
replied Gentleman George. “It's a gratification
of the emotions which interferes with business
Old Rudolph Zacker came me while I
was playing the society racket, and in some
way learned my sad history Instead of noti-
fying the authorities, he offered so much down
nd so much on delivery, if Md cop the enup
or him, and on me proving avreeable, arranged

be-

 

across

 

 

 

  

 

for a knock-down to his niece Lucile. Well, | even shame in hia glance I didn't reckonon
if 1 say it myself, which | wouldn't do except | this, Abe, damme, T didn't,” he exolained, as
to make the situation clear, the girl did cotton | if no one else were present: Y thought she might
amazingly to me, especially when | worked | feel sorry and give upto keep me from getting
the romantic racket, and looked gloomy and | pinched: but to stick this way, why, if floors
hinted at being disinherited and having a} me’. She's atrump, she is, a regular thorough-
Recret enemy Don't think I'm atuek on | bred, and | can't go back on her!" He rose
My pelt. old) man it) was not omy real | jauntily to his feet, and turned to the gover-
eelf that attracied her, but the part I as- | ness with his very best how At vour service,
umed: just as she might weep over the mie | ny dear,” he said, “sines the world is against
ortunes of some bloke on the stage, whom | Us both, we'll be against the world together,”
she wouldn't touch with her skirts, if she passed | And out they passed, side by side, into the
On the street. It's imagination, that's what | shadows of the eriminal life. |

Made Fat By Water.
From the Philadel phia Record

it is, that has plaved hob with the fair sex, |
ever since Eve heard all sorts of fairy
in the hissing of a snake

“Well, L kept hissing out my fairy tales until

tales

 

haf this poor silly girl to believe that my There is a six-foot laundryman in Norrie
re was in some mysterious way linked rh

q to ! eighs 200 nor * t a
© the Zacker vase, and that if 1 could only wn who weigh nound Tt is his own
@t possession of it for a few days, my fortune | fault, too
would not be made, no, that was too common, When I was 18," he will explain sadly, “I

 

but recovered. You mav think that it was
wnnecessary for a cracksman like me to employ
roundabout a way to got a bit of pewter:
ut 1 soon found that old Zacker had the vase
80 surrounded by precattions, and so constantly
under his own inspection, that it would be a

was like a lead pencil, A thinner fellow you |
never saw. I heard then that if I wished to

get fat I need only to drink, morning and eve.
ning, a& much water as Teal’ hold T wanted
very ba‘ly to get fat, so IT began this water

 

long shot to break away with it. Itstood | treatment A pint or so was at firat my limit,
in a ateel casket, which was screwed to the | and even that would sicken me: but as time
mantel piec’ in the front parlor, The grills | passed my capacity became greater. Soon
n front, through which vou could mee the in- j could crink two or three quarts, and in time
ernal freak thing, were double locked, t T could as easily drink a gallon. Well, the

 

 

and bottom, aud one littl kev
Nsseasion, and the other

result was excellent
rate. T got,

was in TLucile's
in the possession of

[took on flesh at a great
that T

too, so enioved my long |

Miss Maidment, th» governess, To make | night ani morning crinks. I would look fore |
matters wore, thee was a burglar alarm | ward to my gallon Cranght all through the |
underneath with the wires well protected in | day When, after seven vears, T had reached
the wall, connecting with the old fellow's bed | the nice weight of 170 pounes, T eeciced ta |
room, and before vou eould half ecoaldchisel | stop the treatment But, alas’ T eouldn't. |
the easket away, he would be down with a | The lone habit bad grown too strong It had
bulldee in each fin 1 had to give the girl | inate mea slave And ever since T have heen

@ song and dance to get her to cooperate, and
then trs 4 few steps with the governess

That was u hurd nut to crack, boys, a full-
Wrown woman rubbed down und hurdened

drinking, night and morning
~1 do enjoy it so and ever
from fifteen to twenty
guess, I'll bust”

a gallon of water
yeer I take o
pounds. Finally, }

——— —

' us know

other skunks, bit they all got sense

; an

  
    

MOST WILY IS THE SKUNK.

SOME ARE MALICIOUS, Tov, ND
HAVE PUN WITH THE @UIDES.

Waterloo of One That Liked to Make People
Dodge — Feely's Terrorized Boarders and
the Supernatural Cunning of a Skank That
Hesieged His Henhouse~ The Bamed Guide,

Firienp, Wis, Aug 16--Around the camp
on Pickerel Lake hung an odor, heavy, far-
reaching, inexpressibly offensive. The heur
was dat night. A fire of hamlock bark, small
but intensely hot, glowed on the bare ground,
giving searcely enough light by which to dis
tinguish the great tree boles. Fergy, the guide,
sat humped within five feet of it, his dark face
bent low over his hands, in which was a tangled
fishing line. The other man lay at ease, amok-
ing hard to keep off the moaquitoes Feray
threw up his head with the action of a atartled
buek tossine antlers. His nostrila flared
wice and blew out a deep breath of cis@ust

"That feller he said in reference to the
skunk, “is wanderin' ‘round lookin’ fr sleepy

He seen us and he jus’ wanted to let

Nex’ to a Injun I do

his

birds
he's on earth
hate a skunk

Why don't von take the rifle and go after
him?" the other man asked, lazily. “He must
he closa by

Ferg)
he clase by

snorted with eoentempt “He mar

he answered, “ur he may bea
Th’ smell hein’ here ain't no sign
maker's Resides, I ain't

T killed one onet an’ he fell
T went bv that
jus’ as

mile away
th’ emell
ro skunks
ona flat roek out'n th

that here
joa’
woods

rock

week after an’ th emeit

  

wav a
strong ae it eid five minutes atter T done the
killin’ Twent by that way a month later and
it ati!) amelt I went by that way nex’ spring

and it smelt vet I was ‘long therein th’ aum-
emell was gittin’ sorter faint, but wh'n
on th’ rock it amelt Four vears
atterward [ stopped by that rock f'r cur'osity.
Th’ sun was shinin’ down on it, and it was so
het von eouldn't hardly bear vour han’ on it.
I knowed a feller over in

mer, th

the ain shiner

It smelt strong
Mescota onet that killed a skunk with a hoe
Fighteen venars after that hoe wonld smell
if vou stuek itin th’ flre and het it.’
Mosquitoes are bad to-night.” said the
other man
Yep, thev air bad. but they ain't nothin’
to wat T seen I seen skeeters on this very

pint so thiek that if you Jabbed a knife in th®
air it'd come back with two ur three drops 0°
hloed on th’ blade T seen mosquitoes so thick
with a paddle sounced lile

that hittin’ ‘em

slappin’ a side of heef IT seen ‘am so thick
I couldn’ sea nothin’ T seen ‘em shade th’
lake on a bright dav like you was holdin’ a

wrnbreller over it Sometimes horses an’ cows

is smothered by skeeters They jus’ breathe
‘em in tell they git they lungs full an’ then
they cain't blow ‘em out. [been half smothered

myself

eaid the other man
Skunks is mos’ «'prisin’

But about skiunke,"
Vaas, ‘hont skunks

things. Skunke ia got sense like a lead hosa.
Vhey e'n tell four hunderd vards off in thick
woods whither ur net vou gota gun. Ff vou
got a gun, vou don’ see no skunk Ff you
aint got a aun, th’ skunk gits right in your
path and stave there. The neares’ you get
to him, the more he humps his back. He fus'

waits fr von Hfe knows in resson thet vou
eain'teome much closer. What's the end a’
that? You cotter wit ontn the way It do

make a man mad to have to dodge and creep
throneh the brush givin’ the road to a measly
thing like a skunk, but vou gotter sneak ron’
skunks is more sense as
Tknowed
a skunk onet what lived over by Swamp Lake
half a dozen times an’ he was ble
asa hound dow. That skunk was m'leecious.
He'd strike vour trail and wit ‘long it faster'n
could walk with a heavy pack on your
and fust thing you knowed he'd be right
Then he'd hurap his back and

“'Cnse same got

T see him

you
hack,
In vour way

grin. When you erooked vourse’f half double
with the pack and worked your way roun’'
him through the bushes, he'd erin harder,

Half a mile furder on there he'd be agin. It
him good to make vau erawl He
show vou that though you was a
was a four-footed critter with
nothin’ to him but tail and fur and smell, he
vould make you hunt tall timer w'enever
he'd mind to. One day that skunk made me
git out'n the trail five times in two mile. I
never went to hunt him ‘cause T was ‘frald
o him. OV Johnny Mushhead, th’ Chippewa
medeine drunkard, said they was evil sperreta
in th’ beast and T b'lieve him. You couldn't
git no guide to monkey with that skunk. We
jus’ give him: th’ read an’ let it go at that
Finerly they come ‘long a chap wat wanted
that skunk skin th’ wuss kind. He went after
him with m gun and he didn’ git him.
hen he had one o' these Mauser pistils cent
up fom Chicarger. It was a gun could
earry in vo’ hind pocket and it'd shoot a miel.
The feller come whistlin’ down th’ trail an’
the skunk he says to hisself: ‘Here's fun f'r
me.’ Hetraviled behin' the feller {'r a hunderd

an’ eighty rod and then showed up in the trail
and begin to throw up his back. The feller
paid no ‘tention a-tall an’ the skunk jus’ humped
an’ wrinned. The closer the feller got the
more the beast grinned. When the feller got
within fifteen feet he stopped, the Mauser
showed up an’ begin to tal Fighteen times
in nineteen seconds that gun went off. Th’
skunk didn't have no time te think ‘bout grin-
nin’ He got fixed you could a-sifted
baled hay through him so quick that it par-
lized his senses, Wen th’ feller drug him
inter eamp he had the mos’ s'prized look on
his face you ever see th’ skunk had. It
seemed to say Here I be, a pore woods an’
mul attacted by some o' them there improved
moddun machineries. How conld T he ox.
pected to wit up agin a game like that” J
elt sorry f'r him, |b realy did, though he done
mea heap o' trnbble in his time. He weighed
forty three poun's, Jourtean ounces even,
an’ his skin was big ‘nough to make a bed-
quilt f'r a_size’bul child. T don’ never pass
by Swamp Lake these dave ‘ithout taare comin’
inter my eyes ‘bout that skunk, ef he was mean
to me. It seemed sorter low down bringin’
a Mauser gun ‘way up in these here woods
jus’ to fool as smart a beast as he were.”

“Do you think it will rain to-night?” asked
the other man

‘lL dunno, But that Mauser skunk weren't
nothin’ a-tall ‘long side o' skunk that kep’ the
women folks at Feely’s hotel sittin’ upin
terror o' they lives f’r a month and had ol’
Feely gittin’ up in the night and shoutin’
Gaelic. Feely's shack is over on Pike Lake,
Swell guys goes there f'om all over th’ country
to catch muskies an’ sometimes they gita 'e
an' sometimes they don't. You need a cod
guide to git muskies, an’ I ain't never gulded
there. This here summer I'm talkin’ ‘bout
ol Feely started in to raise chickens on a mon-
ster scale. He turned his root-houses {nter
hen houses an’ his guests was to do without
pertaters an’ sich je got nearly a thousan’
chicks out o' th’ shells in the early spring—
him an’ his women folks—an' he laid off to
feed the’ people on chicken an’ save meat bills.
Long in July them chicks was gettin’ to be
‘pout the right size. Four of ‘em would a-made
a good meal f'r a hungry man and they was
clutterin’ up the whole place. Soon's daylight
they werent no gittin’ no sleep f'r the cacklin’
an’ twitterin’ an’ Feely waa countin’ th’ dollars
he were goin’ to git out't th’ musky fellers.

One mornin’ he goes down to one o' hfs hen
houses and th'owed open th’ door. ‘Bout a
hundred fryin'-size chicks buzzed out skeered
ha'f to death. They run two hundred gn
eight yards ‘fo’ they stopped and Feely looked

t

ins’ done
wanted to
man and he

cose

vou

 

after ‘em like he didn't know whuther they
was crazy ur he was crazy. Then he went
inside and looked ‘round’. Fust thing he

stepped on was a dead chicken an’ in twenty
minutes he had forty-eight piled up outside
rh’ th'oat of every one of ‘em was cut jus’
under the lower bill an’ his blood was sucked
One o' the guides says, ‘Ferret!’ Nother one
says ‘Wildcat!’ But ol’ John Rivers he says
rightaway: ‘Skunk!’ Ol John Rivers knowed
faa much about these woods as] know. Skunks
wien they wit inter a brood o' chickens {8 too
dainty ter eat th’ meat. They jus’ wants
blood an’ they aite it

“Well, ol’ Feely talked a yard o' Gaelie—ur
maybe a vard an’ half o' it--an' then he went
up to th’ hotel an’ fixed up his rap, lt was jus’
a common steel trap, but it were big ‘nough to
hol'a b’ar. He set it out after dark and baited
it with a live chicken. He put it on th’ trail the
skunk had made th’ night before an’ went tq
be happy He save ‘Be th’ black dog o
Cashel lll have th’ pelt o' the murderin’ var-
mint in th’ mornin’. plase God, as sure's Brian
Boro kilt min intirely f'r th’ good o’ th’ Church
to see ‘em kick,’ he says, Nex’ mornin’
they was a dead chicken {n th’ trap with his
thioat cut jus’ under the bill an’ fifty-six dead
uns in another hen house Th’ trap weren't
sprung

OV John Rivers looked at the pile 0° chick-
ens an’ he says that skunk mus’ be as big 's
a_ealf an’ have teeth on him like a rip-saw,
He savs he's goin’ tositup that night an’ watch
He tol’ me ‘bout it thie spring w'en we was
helpin’ tosend the log-drive down th’ Flambeau,
It was a bright moonlight night an’ long ‘hout
i in th’ mornin’ Rivers was lying behin' a log

THE SUN,

|

SSS

 

SUN

 
 

   

DAY, AUGT

 

near th’ trau wat run to the nennouse Wen
he see th’ skunk comin’ straight fr th’ rap.
w'at had two jive chickens In [t this time. He
were prancin’ sideways, with hia back humped
an’ his tail curled an’ havin’ a good tine thinkin
‘bout wat he was goin’ to elt, Rivers didn't
have ne gun an’ it were his play to keep still
an’ look. Th’ skunk walked up to th’ trap an’
then he walked all roun’ it eix times, Th
two chicks squawked terribul, but they couldn
ait loose, Then the «kunk went straight up
in th’ air an’ went over the trap an’ the chiek
‘hout a foot high, an’ wen he landed on th
other side the head of one o' the chickens was
atween his front paws and th bird wae stretched
om straight th’ skunk cut his th'oat an
drunk his blood an’ then jumped over th’ trap
an’ stretched th’ other chicken in th’ same Way
Then he started toward th’ henhouse still
prancin’ sideway« with his hack bowed Jus’
then Rivers stuck his head over th’ low; th
skunk seen him ina second, give three straight
jumps and was gone back inter th’ woods .
"Nex' dav Rivers tol’ Feely as it weren't no
use to try to keteh a an‘imol like that with a
trap an’ the thing to do was to shut up th’ hen-
house tleht ao'« he couldn’ git in, They went
all roun’ th’ house an’ caulked it up as ght as
ef it was a bont an’ they was lookin’ f'ratormy
weather. Feely he says the henhouse was
so tight the chieke would «mother, but Rivers
says he'll ent a hole in th’ reof The walls
was slick an’ plum’ an’ the eaves o° th roof
hong over so'a no skunk nur nothin’ ¢ ould elimb
up ean’ that's wat they done. Knowin the
sekimk couldn’ ait in they all took a drink an
went to hed. Nex’ morinin’ they was thirty.
three chickens dead with they thioats ent ar
piled up cotside th’ honse piled up on th’
groun’ as neat as a man could a done it an
they weren't a drop o' blood lef in the bunel
y ‘thing was gittin on th’ wimmin’s nerves
this time, an’ they erled a lot wile
ol’ Feely talked some more Gaelic an’ John
Rivers cussed in good Amerikin, Th’ gals
said they'd never sleep annther wink until the

  

strong bh

 

sperrit that was doin’ th’ do was got rid of
somehow, an’ Rivers said th nex’ night he'd
wit Mr. Skunk ‘r lose both his laigs, He aot
him a t0-@ange muzzlecloadin’ shotaun an’ he

choeked her up with twe handfuls of powder
and twenty-three low-mould buckshot in each
barrel Then nobody ‘bout the hotel said a
word for th’ res’ of the day, ‘cept a voung feller
fom Teoria, wat had come up with « bar’) o
that Hlvney whiskey, an’ he put in th’ time
telling ghost stories to the servant wale Tong

‘bout 1 o'clock that night Rivers come eut on
th’ front po'ch. tuwgin’ his cannon, and said
ef we heard anything like forty trees fallin

down that would be th’ volee of OV Betsy ;

We ait there Hllit o'clock wile the feller tol
his ghost tales an’ slipped upstairs ev'ry now
and then to look into his private stock. one of
them fellers wat never knowed a gulde could

git thirsty--until finerly we heerd a roar like
the roar o' the win’ when it comes down of
Superior an’ the hemlocks is throwin thirty
somersets afore they hits the grown Then

they was the patter o’ feet an’ here comes Rivers,
tetehin’ the groun’ only in high places an’ jus
brushin’ ‘en: with the ball o' his foot at that.
He run over Feely, who rolled on the yearth an:
spoke Gaelic, an’ burnped into the feller on
knocked four quarts o' Peorla snddint death
outn’ him, an’ stumbled over a dinin’ room eal,
wat had fainted, an’ bumped agin me, were
he fetched up. We took him inter the hotel
office and th'owed a bucket 0° ice water on
him an’ wien he come too he tol’ us about it

"Rivers had went ont an’ took his stand he-
hin’ a ol’ bireh stump an’ leaned his aun agin It
an’ walted. Rimeby he seen the skunk comin
down histrail, still langhin’ to hisself an’ huropin
his bhaek Ev'ry howe omerousoinaw tle he'd
stop an’ cut a extry step an’ resoom. his enke-
walk. Wen he got to the henhonse he looked
all roun’ it an’ tried to fin’ a place to git in
Then he come back down th’ trail to the place
w ereth’ trap had been an’ w'en he see it weren't
there he shook his head an’ looked sorter sober
He thought to hiseelf a bit, then he cut anuther
dido an’ went back to th’ henhouse. He curled
his tailover his back an’ sit down on his bunkers
an’ looked up at tie henhouse an’ begin to talk
chicken talk. It was so low that_all Rivers
could do were t> hear if a-tall, That skunk
he imertated lit le chicks wat has jus’ foun’ a
fat grub: he imertated a ol’ hen w'at's callin’
her brood to her he elucked jus’ like a rooster
that’s trvin’ to et a mash on a pullet an’ is
seratchin’ un food for her: he let out one or two
erowa to let ‘ern know that dag was ius’ breakin’
hegiveth’ notes o' twour three birds w'at's ina’
waked up an’ then he wound up with @ exack
mertation o' th’ Trish wal in th’ hotel kitchen
wat was ised to feedin’ th’ chickens. Rivers
he said that von couldn't a-tol’ th’ diff’runce
hetween th’ skunk an’ th’ Trish lady f'r a dolluh
en out’n the hole wat was in the roof them
chickens begin to come one after anuther like
they was crazy to breathe a little fresh air and
freedom and git som'p'’n to eat oo’ th’ good
things wat was goin’. As fns' as they come an’
hit th’ groun’ the skunk'd nal! ‘em, right under
the lower bill ev'ry time, an’ in less'n two min-
utes he had a pile of ‘em he couldn't a-jumped
over ef ev'ry wolfin th’ North Woods had a-been
after him

“Ins then Rivers reached f'r his cannon
fle was tremblin’ so thatit slipped out’n his
han's, both barrils went off an’ tore a hole in
the vearth vou could a-buried a ox team in,
the skunk he leughed an’ humped f'r th’ bushes
an’ Rivers he didi’ remember nothin’ more

“We wert down to. th'hen house we'n he
got through talkin’. Feely went in front with
a rifle, T come nex’ with an axe, the feller f'om
Peoria come along with a seven-shootin'’ pistil
made to skeer skeeters with, un’ the gals brung
up the rear b'cause they was afraid to stay
at th’ house There was the chickens sure
‘nough, 272 of ‘em, th’ hole in th’ roof an’ the
grave Rivers's cannon had dug, but they wasn't
no skunk fie never come back no more, but
mebbe that was because they weren't no more

  

chickens. The questa that summer Iived on
fish an’ canned goods an’ stories “hout the
reason why they didn’ git no chicken ment

1 b'live that skunk was the sperrit o' th’ one
the feller sprung th’ Mauser on. It stands
to reason that they weren't no two such an'muls
fn th’ world ”

Fergy «ot the last tangle out of the silk line
ashe spoke and looked at the other man
for remonstrance or inquiry, but the brier-
root of the other man had fallen from his mouth,
he was lying on his back and if his eyes had
been open he could have seen a host of stars

FIDO AND THE ALLIGATOR.

Trick Plaved Once Too Often Upon Hungry
Saurtans by a Canine Leander.

“You see it is like this,” said the Mississippt
planter from the shoestring belt to the dog
fancier in town, “I must have a litte water
spaniel whose name must be Fido,’

The dog fancier, scenting a sale,
eympathetic and interested

“Fido, the dog that was,” continued the
planter, “was a little nervous fellow of whom
my daughter was very fond. The dog re-
turned this affection in a way, but he con-
tracted a fatal fondness for another little dog
living across a river dividing my plantation
from the next. Fido used to swim the river
every day to see his playfellow. Now there
are many Alligators looking for pigs, picka-
ninnies and dogs, and it was natural that they
coveted on sight a nice little morsel like Fido,
For a long time {t was a wonder to all that the
alligators had not feasted on him in his numer-

looked

ous crossings of the river

“The reason why they didn't was solved
one day when Margaret managed to follow
Fido unseen by the little truant. Then she

discovered the trick he was playing on the
saurians, Fido went down near the water
and made as much fuss and racket in tearing
through the underbrush and barking on the
river bank as a good-sized ‘coon dow would
in treeing the real thing. The alligators that
had been posing as old rotten logs along the

bank awoke at this delectable sound, and floated
by, anapping their jaws in disappointment
that Fido was so far from reach and thus pre-
vented a noonday luncheon. Fido, in a Jace
of safety, seemed to enjoy their dlscométure
and kept up a& steady derisive barking. Al
the alligators in the neighborhood were soon
congregated at this narrow part of the river
where Fido apparently wanted to cross

“It was difficult for Margaret to see how
Fido could cross tnieas he just flew across-
on their backs, But Fido ‘didn't need coach-
ing at his own game, and his mistress had
faith in his caution and ability to finish the
trick which he had evidently done so many
times before, After the dog had given a last
yelping howl of derision at the assembly be-
fore him, he fairly flew up the hard sandy beach
of the river side, exposing his tempting little
morsel of a body to the most advantage. The
alligators pressed hotly in the chase after their
elusive luncheon, They trailed) out behind
Fido like wolves, Fido generally kept well
ahead, but would occasionally fall back a little
in order to make the chase the hotter, and to
make sure that all would follow. When he had
gone up stream ip this manner for about a mile,
1¢ took a wide circuit from the river and came
panting back again to the original site of the
rick. After a few preliminary barks and a
little gleeful dapoe on the beach to make cer-
tain that none 4f his enemies was in that im-
mediate vicinity, this canine Leander swam
quickly across and was probably soon in play
with his mate

“L reckoned that Fido's trick. must brin
friet to its originator some day. for, although
is alligator trick waa very sarees ideas
will penetrate in time even the alligator's thick
skull. One day last week the expected hap-
pened, and little Margaret had left but a mem-
ory of her pet. One of the plantation negroes
reported the scene, It seems that Fido ran
up the beach as before and came back to the
narrows, The usual demonstration was made,
and the coast being apparently clear he at-
tempted to cross, just as he was pulling hirn-
elf out of the water by an old log which
had been washed up by the current, the log
rolled over and Fido was gone, without even
time for prayers. The darky anid that as
the old thief sank in the foaming water he
seemed to wink one eye, saving, ‘I've seen
dogs’ tricks and Fido's, but they all come to
the same violent end when played on an old
master of the art of simulation like mvyaelf.’

“Margaret is inconsolable,” said the planter
in conclusion, “and I must have another Fido,”
And he got one,

IST 19, 1900.

|

“HANK MACK'S DATED EGGS.

10

ERUCATED
cod.

SOLD USTIL THE
HOOSTER SLIPPED A

THEY

Hank Promised His Boarders Strictly Fresh |

Ecgs- Rooster Dated Them With a Stamp
When He Got a Year Ahead, Because of
Too Mach Cider, There Were Suspictons,
Canpiry, N. ¥., Aug. 17.-When the usual
crowd had gathered around the turbine wheel
shaft in Si Wright's «riatmill, because it was
the coolest place to be found, old man Houn-
son tossed the mitnow net he had been using
into one corner, borrowed some tobaceo from
Si and addressing everybody, and yet nobody,
said
“Hank Mack's back from Syracuse.”
"Did see ‘im?” asked Bert Bailey,
beekeeper
‘Um, come in on stage with ‘im,” said Houn-

the

ye

son “Helped ‘im carry in a basket of his
previous dated ees.’
“Dated egas? What in the name ‘o hees-

war's them?” asked Bert Batley, why hadn't
heen in Cardiff lone 2

Die never hear?”
some tobaeco juices 4o as to cover a
in the floor Hank's kept purty quiet about
it, but murder ‘i out and T made ‘im tell me
all about how he's been makin’ se much money
lately Bot | euess he's t' the endo the rope
now All heeause a tarnation fowl didn't
know when it was well off and makin’ money
for its owner. Beats all how foolish some
animals is tut ‘s T was tellin’ ‘hout
Pees

Y'all know whata
got,” said old man Hounson, “an how
proud he was of the fr
viall know that

spitting
dry spot

asked Hounson,

them

nice chicken vard Hank's
all-fired

\

) eves he raised \

he tister nave

 

mebby rooster

the one ‘ith the feathers down its legs, ‘ith a
crow like Si's threshin’ engine whistle, Well
when the eitv boarders first began comin’
out here to Cardiff after the celebrated Cardiff

jest natcherty
He even put
papers
lowated
tne

Hank

house

giant had wot sorter stale,
his
advertisement = in

had some of ‘em at

an
deseritin
in Onondaga Nallev, the purtiest
Empire strate, twelve mile out from Syracuse,
jest beyond the Onondaga Indian Reservation
He put in how boarders ‘d be entitled to all
the privileges of the place with all the fresh
eges ‘n butter 'n milk they eould eat Hank
he specially emphasized his fresh ees

Well he got quite a crowd of city folks out,
Young fellers 'n girls all wearin’ bright waists,

the

Told how it was

Syracuse

his place

valley in

nh leather belts n low shoe Hank fed em
well, too, especially in the egg line tor all of
‘em appeared fond of eas. One day a young

gir! ina jokin’ manner acted Hank how he was
sosure his eggs were strictly fresh

‘Why? don't I gather ‘em myself every
night an’ put ‘eminthe egg basket, says Hank
real grieved jike that anybody should doubt
his word

Tijat's jest the trouble,’ aavs the girl, ‘how
ju know but you reach in an’ git a_day afore
yistiday's eae instead of one laid yvistiday
Aint no way's a tellin’ egwas apart 's laee, she
leas ‘en you eat ‘em, an’ then vou can
tell quick enough

But aint I tellin’ ve [ know they're strictly
fresh?” says Hank “you don't spose a hen'd
o and lay an old egg jest to fool me, do ye?’
dank says indignant

‘How ju know they
laughin’

Well, that set Hank a-thinkin’ an’ he turned
ever lots of plans in his mind for assurin
self that every ewe he aerved up to the

says,

the girl

wont?’ saya

his-
city

  
 

 

 

‘tickled man. He brought out a dish of the
dated eee an’ showed ‘em to the hoarders
and thes was so ‘sprived ‘ny joyful, net havin
had any eags to speak of lately that thes most
made theirselves sick devourtn em That
eal goes to ehow Whab cor fidence n lack of
contidence’ll do for ® man N that frisky
wirl that started the whole thing, she wie al-
moat's tickled 's Hank war

Hank he never let on but what he stamped
‘onuse he didn't want no dime

the egas bissell
iselie man to come biddyi’ for that rooster
kvery day Hank'’d go out In the henhouse 'n
chanwe the date on the stamp Once'n a while
he'd bea little late, ‘n say you never seen hobody
so ftisay's that rooster for fear a wrong date

wav a day behind, ‘d git stamped on an’ eee

He ised to walt, Jeat’s nervous ‘« could he
for tlank to come every mornin’ ‘os change

One day Hank went
ever to Tiseo Lake a-fishin’, He got caught

in the rain an’ had to stay all night and when
thinkin’ of bis eas ‘hn the rooster 'n
he'd most go wild imaginin’ how
wit back home till late nest day
‘count of the roads bein’ bad. He knew the
trainin’ the rooster had'd jest make him «o
right on stampin’ eges without the date bein
changed, havin’ to-day's exes dated visterday
S soon's

he got
the stamp

|

|

|

|

| the date on the starp
he couldn't

At least he calealated so any how
he wot home he ran out to the henhouse

“There he found the old rooster industrially
stamping eggs sif nothin ‘d happened (ireat
Jehosiphat, said Hank, thinkin he was speakin
ton human. ‘let up, Youre puttin’ the wrong
date on them ees.”
la ( ut att ee said the rooster jest’a if he
was savin’ ‘Tut, tut! tut! Well, vou could a
knoeked Hank over witha feather, a pin feather
at that, when he seen on the eges the proper
date, readin

HANK MACK, $
WEDNESDAY :
Avast 1, 1900 ;
STRICTLY FRESH
LAID TODAY
That rooster knew his business an’ when

Hank didn't show up he jest changed the«late
on the stamp hissel

“Hank eatiid have hugged that bird He
est saw Visions of hiasef a layin’ in bed morn-
inga while old Shanghai changed the date on
thestampand went ahead tixin theeges. Thats
jest what happened, for after the first few morn -
jnags Hank saw that the rooster knew his little
trick ‘n he let him run the henhouse all alone,
All Hank did was to gather the eggs

Idon't believe in all Onondaga county,” went
en Hounson, “vou eould find a prouder man ‘n
Hank That what made it all the worse
when the erash cone, He got so much con-
fidence in the rooster that he'd stay away a
day or so at atime an’ he knew when he come
back he'd find that all the ewes laidin the mean-
time had been properly stamped. The city
boarders jest Alled up on fresh dated eggs ‘n
the fame of ‘em, Tmean the ees, spread clean
to Syracuse, (ne day, it was Aug. 67 think,

 

vas

 

 

Hank ‘d jest been out tothe henhouse gatherin’
the eggs an’ was comin’ upthe walk with ‘em,
al dated, ina basket ‘Ain't that jest the best
scheme out,’ said Hank to the same girl that
was the cause ofit. ‘Can't be mistaken on eggs
now, can ye, ais?

Now. galthough Rank didn't know it, old

Shanzh@ hadnt been very steady lately Tt
pears that up to Crownheart's hotel, right next
door to Hanks hen vard, a barrel of Injun cider
d been leakin’. The rooster got a hold of some
of itan’ came home pretty well jagged several
nights, ‘cause he jiked the stuff. On this oe-
easion, or rather the nlaght, before, he was jest
about able to get on the perch to sleep it off
Naturally he wa'nt very bright next morning
and in changin’ the date in the stamp he slipped
several cogs 'n fixed it so's it'd register about a
vear 'na haf in advance. ‘'N the he went right
on all day datin’ the eggs wrong. But Hank
had such confidence in Tits fowl that he got so
he didn't look at the eggs no more
“So when he was talkin’ to the girl he handed
out a nice clean white erg all dated with the
purple ink The girl give one look at it ‘n'
then began to lane You don't mean to
tell me ‘t that ewa@’s stale?’ says Hank
Stale? no T sho'd sav not,’ says the girl,
‘taint even ripe vet Then she handed Hank
back the ewe ‘n' he looked at it) It was dated

boarders was jest fresh laid. He thought | pan. ay. tqo2

first hed set in the henhouse at odd opel Pitchforks n’ hoe handles,” yelled Hank
and wrab every ege jest’s soon ‘twas aid’ 'n’ ther he looked 'n' seen th it every exg in
make a mark on ‘em to know for sure the's the basket was ‘dated way ahead

fresh. But after some considerin’ an’ calker- ‘That settled Hank's. fresh. egg husiness

latin’ he give that up because he knew a watched
hen'd never lay any more ‘na watched pot'd
never bile. It puzzled him mightily, too, for

 

which was quite extensive ‘n' paid well You
couldn't ‘a made those hoarders believe he'd

the girl in a sorter joke told the other boarders Deen at a ane on oba hi he really hag
that mebby they want gittin’ fresh eggs an’ With aatack o ameayes . 1% t econ

consequence was the egg-eatin’ industry | giant. The news o ORG Oe FORMAT er
fell off nore 'n half s regards fresh eggs travelled all over the

Poor Hank, he mogt got thin sertin’ np nights | Valley can’ he lost not only his boarders but
calealatin’ what to do. He'd go down tn the ln fof private customers Who had Aked the
hen yard'n gaze at the chickens a-cacklin’ | Gated exes ‘= lonw as they thought Hank kept

 

around n he'd sorter niitter

“'Trvin' to fool me, are ve: a-lavin' rotten
eggs, Dod-blast ye, an’ he'd up an’ heave a
rock or so at the hens ‘nmake'enall scatter ‘sf

 

 

‘em right up to time But everybody thought
Hoank'd been givin’ ‘en: old eggs with the stamp
on ‘em brought up to date Workin’ off old
stock on ‘em so t' speak

“That night Hank went out to the henhouse

a hawk was flyin’ ovechead. Then that old

rooster ‘ith the tuzzy lous i Shanghai, | guess | and « wee ? oo ig i. at Wican aoe

‘ ' ’ Y nae 7" one 6 he feathers burnin’. Hank couldn't

twas, eome struttin’ over an’ sorter loo smell the the ’ ; Han
" q ; . r look seem to forgive the old fowl for gittin' drunk

sympathizin’ at Hank ‘st he wanted to help

 

 

 
 

and he never undertook to raise ewes for mar-

 

him, but didn’t know how Hank ‘dlook down ;

att rooster ‘n kinder speak to him, sayin ket after tnat He s heen bringin’ back une
* I could only git vou to mark them sold stock from Svracnse fora week now."

egg: jest 's soon 's they ‘s laid I'd be sure they What became of the rooster?” asked Bert

‘stresh. But dod-blast it, how I’m goin’ to git Bailey . ,

you to handle a peneil.’ Died. Delirium tremens,” said old man

‘So 't went on an’ Hank's ewgs got to bea
regular drug on the market all along a’ that

   
 
 

funny girl, until Hank hisself even begun t’
think his fowls wa'nt no good. It was really
sorrowful t' see how he took it to heart. One

iy a feller come out from Syracuse -ellin' these

re rubber stamps The kind you stamp
mto a flannel covered with ink n’ then press
down on a paper Ite had some with shiny
wheels 'n handles. Datin'’ stataps he

ad‘em, n’ some had the word ‘Paid’ on ‘em
an arrangement so's the date of the vear,

   

an
month an’ day could be « hanged so's to keep

Hounson taking up his minnow net

LITTLE JASPER'S BIG CHURCH.
A Great Building That Has Been for 38 Years
In Course of Erection.
From the Chicago Record
The little city of Jasper, the capital of Duhola
county, Tndlfana, has a church structure which

is so large that almost any one of the Indian-

right up with the calendar S soon's Hank | apolis churches could be placed tnside steeple

saw them he bearoan studvin and all This immense strueture, dedicated
S' pose vou con'd have anv words vou an St. J hte. } noua of in |

wanted in addition to the date on one a'them | ™ Josephs, hasenough stonein its structure

movable datin’ stamps,’
feller Sure,’ says he, and then he an’ Hank
got off ina corner ‘n begun to whisner

“Well, it wa'nt more'n a week after when a
package come to the Post Office for Hank
Saby Parks giv itt’ ‘im outen the window ‘n
Hank tried to hide it under 's coat. but Triume
Wright saw it had ‘Syracuse Rubber Stamp
Company’ on the outside, ‘n we knew Hank'd
bought one of them things the voung feller
was sellin’. Hank te it home 'n undone it

says Hank tothe young

 

  

 

 

to build around a eity of 15,000 or 20,000 inhabi-

tants a wall four feet high and two feet thick,
and the amount of lumber used in the roof
alone would be suMficient to build many homes
Though this great ediflea eost one-tenth as
much at the State House, it was built by the
Catholics of one of the smallest counties of the
State of Indiana and to-day it stands without
asingle cent of indebtedness against it

Three vears after the Civil War closed Father
Fidelis Maute began the erection of St. Joseph's,

 

Then he went out in the hen house 'n got a lot | Oy Sept. 14, 1868, Bishop St. Palais laid the cor-
A ewes. He took these to a box stall in the | nerstone After the death of Father Maute
barn ‘n clucked so's to bring the old rooster | the work was taken up by Father Basil Heusler.
to ‘in The rooster come up on the run ‘n he | who expects to complete the structure in 1905,
looked purty disgusted when he found out | when thirty-seven years of continuous work
Henk hadn't no cracked corn for him. Hank | have been occupied in. its ‘tion. Exoept

told him not to mind's he'd have cracked corn
an’ to spare ef he only paid attention to what
he was about to see 'n hear So the rooster
who, to give him credit, was a wise bird, jest
looked at Hank with both eyes. He seemed
to know jest what Hank was up to, and acted
as if he understood every word

“Hank, he stomped that rubber stamp down
on the ink pad an’ then he put it on an egg
leaving a bright purple mark. ‘Thet's what
‘Il do the business an’ guarantee fresh eggs,’
saves Hank, an’ the rooster he said, ‘cut, cut,
cut! Then Hank stamped ‘nother ewe, ‘'n
so on till he'd jest about mastered the scheme
'N then he jest started in ‘n explained how
matters stood to the old rooster. Told him
how ‘n consequence of that girl's joke all the
boarders was goin’ back on the ewes. Said
that the very foundation of the boardin’ busi-
ness ‘'d wo to rack an’ ruin if fresh ewes couldn't
be relied on. Then Hank jiest leaned over
toward the old rooster "np said ''N you're the
Shanghai that’s goin’ to redeem my lost charac-
ter 's far 's fresh eggs are concerned, 'n don't
you forgit it.’

"The old rooster tried to look wise ‘n anv-
body could see he had got the whole thing down
murty fine There was jest the haziest glim-
mer of doubt in his eye, but Hank put that
down to bashfulness an, inex perience regardin’
the new trade he was learnin. Soon's Hank
dated « few more eggs he made the rooster
set down near him The rooster was pretty
well trained from havin’ been exhibited at the
fair over to Tully Lake two years runnin , so's he
didn't maka much fuss about settlin® down,
only he looked ‘s though he hated to git his
tail feathers all dusty. However, I spose he
put it down to the advancement of science
an’ let it wo ‘t that. Hank he put the rubber
stamp in the roosters claw ‘n gently pressed
the rubber down on the egg. ‘Thats the way,
Old Shanghai,” says Hank,
crowed he was so proud of hisself

an’ the
Hank stamped
three or four eggs by holdin’ the instrument
in the roosters claw, ‘nthen he thought he'd let
the bird try it alone. The first fey Was smashed
all to pieces consequence o' Old Shanghai
éomin' down too hard on it

rooster

Hank only grinned,
though he hated to see ew@s wasted 'n had the
rooster try awzain, But it wa'nt much use
non dozen eggs was all mussed up whites an’
yallers on the ground before Hank got mad
lie ripped out such a lot of cuss words that he
scared the rooster, Seein’ t that wouldn't
do Hank undertook to piead with the fowl
He begged old Shanghai, if he hed anv love
for a poor friendless man, who was a tryin’
to make a livin’ offen borders, to endeavor
‘n atamp the ewes proper. “N then Hank went
off on another tack ‘n begeed the fowl to have
sume respect for hisself ‘n for the hen's under
jin care. ‘L'wa'n'tall for his own sake, Hank
said that he was undertakin
‘twas as mucn for holdin’ up the honor of the
whole race of hene Hank. he appealed to the
rooster's love of country, to his regard for his
master an’ for the poor hens, whose charac-
tera were bein’ assailed when any one sue-
gested, as somebody had, that their PRES wan't
strictly fresh. Well, that seemed to touch
old Shanghai and he took up that stamp and
made a date on an egg ‘thout so much as crackin’
the shell, Say, Hauk he nearly eried for joy
‘n he got a peck of corn ‘nh jest let the rooster
waller in it. ‘ank’s acheme, y' sae, was to
let the rooster have charge of the henhouse
‘n stamp every egg with the date
*s it was laid 'n the her
begun cacklin

“The next dav Hank set old Shanghai to
work and after bein’ watched a bii the rooster
jest developed into a

this scheme;

est’s soon
got offen the nest ‘n

first rate stamper. ‘S
soon ‘sa hen'd lay ‘n ewe that rooster'd hustle
up to the nest. shove the astonished hen to one
side and imprint the day of the week, day of
the month ‘n the vear on the pure white ewe
in purple ink. There wa'nt no mistakin’ that
ege then: ‘twas sure to be fresh laid) The
rooster kept right on ‘t work all dav an bv’
night had every ewe that was laid properly
stamped. Hank-well you never see a more

{

RS

 

for the ornamentation, the materiale used {tn
the construction of St. Joseph's were pre-
pared and put in place by members of the con-
wregation, who for three decades have been
making sacrifices of all kinds to realize the
ambition of their lives. Beside the vast amount
of labor contributed 880,000 in cash has been
raised. Between $25,000 and 850,000 more will
be necessary to complete the work

When Father Maute conceived the {dea of
the great structure he was anxious that it
be built in a most substantial manner and
certainly his wishes have bean followed
The roof is supported by huge trees, the largest
in Southern Indiana, that serve as imposing
ninety-foot columns. The roof structure is
composed of forest trees used as rafters and
braces, Between the outer roof and the ceil-
ing there is over 1,000,000 feet of the finest hard-
wood in the State. There is, beside, an im-
mense amount of stone in the structure, The
story is that after the farmers had hauled stone
for months and had all the surrounding flelda
covered they thetiaht there was enough for
the entire structure. Instead, there was only
half enough for the foundation, "

The foundation and walls of the church
went up under the direction of Father Maute,
who, after preaching the sermon Sunday morn-
ing, announced who had been selected to work
during the coming week. By this means about
one-seventh of the entire congregation labored
ench week. Father Maute not only assigned
the men_to work, but he, the busiest, directed
it all. Year after year this continued until
gradually the structure took shane

Che dimenstons of St. Joseph's are 196 by
® feet. From the foundation to the eaves it
is 67 feet. and from the floor on the interior
to the ceiling it is 90 feet. The walls are 4
and 6 feet thick The steeple, when completed
Will be 200 feet high. In it is a bell which, with
its hangings, weighs eight tons. Its sonorous
and grand voice can be heard, with a favorable
breeze. at Celestine, ten miles east of Jasper
and at Ferdinand, twelve miles south ,

The church, though the seating arrange-
ments have not heen completed, can seat 2.000
poopie and another 1,000 can stand on the
ower floor of the structure

Father Basil Heusier, now in charge of the

 

 

  

pastorate, is doing all he can to beautifv the
great structure left unfinished by old Father
Maute. Besides putting in a splendid heat-
system, there have been added fine art win-
dows. Over the entrance is an art window
showing Christ feeding the multitude. It
cost $600. Near the altar is another of the
Good Shepherd that cost $476. On the other

side is the Nativity of the
Over the centre altar is a small window. the
glass in which cost @300. The other amaller
Windows cost $175 and side windows $300

But the windows are not the most expensive
part of the ornamentation. The three altars
are especially fine, Deing constructed entirely
of Italian marble. The high altar with the
two groups, each seven feet high, cost 819.000
The side altars, one crowned with the Bleased
Virgin, the other with St. Joseph, the patron
saint of the church, cost $6,000. The high
altar has before it six great candlesticks, each
of which cost $50 he railing separating
the sanctuary from the church auditorium
is of onyx and brass that cost $1,000. The
other decorations are proportionate in @x-
pense and beauty,

When Father Maute died he had failed to
make any provision for heating and lighting
the vast structure At present candies are
used for illumination, but soon the building will
be equipped with electricity

The congregation of St Joseph's includes
839 families, or about 3.000 communicants, In
the city of Jasper 0 per cant. of the inhabitants
are Catholics and Tubois county is in the
strongest Catholic district in the State. They
have made many sacrifices to construct this
magnificent edifice The monastery fat St
Meinrad has received considerable aide from
these people at ie thought that the aggregate
amount o} atholec proper a ie
Dubois is $1,000, 000, ra oe ore

ord that cost $450

  

SUMMER DAYSIN OLD YUMA

 

THEY ARE LIKE ONE LONG UN DROKEY
DREAM OF SHEOL,

  

Nor Do Sammer Vie

at Night-A Heated Term in Which

the Morning Coolness Was 105 Degrees,
From the Boston Herald

Yuna, Ariz, Aug, 2.-Faney au everyday

temperature varving from 105 to 125 dew;ess h
the shade for four or more months at a streren,
Imagine a village of several hundred sdotha
and brick, sauat
buildings, all with

one-story
elumey

house "

stone ,
porehes 4

atore

 

|
|
|

frent, strewn along a dreary, red-brown rogers
ing bank of adrowsy, muddy stream, wh ia
thoroughfares straggle up and down a raged
hill, shimmering under the flercest, erp: og
sky you ever saw

Chat is old Yuma, famous aa the literaliy
hottest town in the Union. Then tinsgine @
region thousands of aquare miles in ares f
vellow sand, quaint eactl, whitened beylds 4
not one commanding mountain or shapely
prominence a desolate, ghastly desert wnsre
under a flery sun and vou have the set a
of Yuma Imagine yourself on some vantoge
spot and looking over a frontier town para 4

in overwhelming suntiaht, where seat
awarthy Indians sprawl fast asleep on hot earr
in a patch of shade, no white person in sighs,
not a sian of activity anywhere t
houses holted and blinded, not a sound hea 4
save a rustling of dried sagebrush And thong
is life in Yuma during a midsummer after n

For fifty vears Yuma. on the Rin Colorad
in southwestern Arizona

.
stores «

,
‘
has heen the bar r
a

hot town of the eountry It has noriva

old town and ita flery summers have been tr te.
ful topics for newspaper humorists Nur fe
lees jokes on the Pacifle Const concerning \e

rounities where the mereury climbs hie od
regarding spirits that have found hades agen
ably cool, have been worn threadbare at Yurna'g
expense. The people in the Fastern Stateq
who eomplain of Sol's darts these day. mage
find satisfaction in

this season's temperature in Yuma

learning something about

The summer has heen anaverngeone From
May 14 to May 30 the temperature every afters
noon ranged from a to 1M. Then there
a week of comparative coolness
never From June 7 to June o%§
the mereury varied from
Old Sol then settled down to business The
desert sand dunes had heeome haked, and tha

wae
the merenry
rose above

1% to 119 degrene,

foothills were glowing. For six weeks the
mereury never was below 102, and from that
it has gone to 122 degrees twice, From July 8

to July 20 the average afternoon temperatiire
here was 115 degrees, During nights the mer.
eurv has sunk slowly to an average of 105 at
about 4A. M. With the rising of each sun tha
mercury has climbed up steadily until about
a o'clock

And the warmest weeks of the rear are rep

to make their records. Last summer the
hottest day in Yuma was Aug. 24, when the
mereury touched 127. In September thera

were several days when the temperature was
at 121. and a few nights when the thermometer
never registered lower than 108 degrees In
1894 Yuma's red-letter hot day occurred It
was Aug. 16, when extra hot winds blew from
off the desert. Between dawn and noon the
mercury rose from 110 to 128, and by 4 o'clock
it rose to 129. Several deathe among children
occurred during the heated spell
Topographically, Yuma is situated for the
making of high solstitial records. As far as
the eve can reach, and miles and miles farther
in any direction, there is nothing but profound
aridity, through which the Colorado drowsily
meanders tothe Gulfof California. From seme
points nothing is in sight but a vast crumpled
sea of yellow sand and the horizon” Yuma ts
theheartofare lonof extinct voleances, barren
hille and sterile cafions, a region of mirages,
Gila monsters and reptiles that thrive amid
burning alkali wastes and deadly thirsts, where
not a green thing in nature may be seen as far
as vision sweeps, except a few sparse cotton.
wood trees at the railway stations. where a
withering white sunshine blazes from ont a
cloudless sky twelve hours a day months ata
time where inflamed eyes and even blindness
from the intense sunshine are common; whera
theearth isso hot that white people can scarcely
walk upon it with thin shoes, and where tough,
range cattle sicken_and die in a few weeks
No one lives in Yuma for enjoyment. The
trade and teaming from the mines, some tne
commonly rich in copper, silver and lead,
out in the mountains and foothills, keeps the

old town prosperous, There are 8,200, people
inthe village. One-third of them are Mexicans;
the rest are Americans. Some have brave

the climate, been enterprising and have aceutn-
lated snug fortuges. The town took its name
from the old fort here, and it in turn was named
from the Yuma tribe of aborigines, who fought
several battles hereabouts. When gold waa
diseovered in California, in 1848, Yurna bean
to grow as a settlement of white people Pur.
ing the days of great overland travel by mule
and ox teams, in 1850, 1851 and 1852, thousands
of people went across) Texas and Arizona,
crossed the Rio Colorado at Yuma, and went
up the Golden State by way of Los Angeles,
Yuma became a little business point In 1880
the Southern Pacific Railroad built from Loe
Angeles through Yuma, on t e way to El Paso
and New Orleans, and Yuma as a trading place
quickly lost its prestige. Since 1888 several
of the best wold mines in Arizona have heen
developed in the region of the old town Tia
working of these mines and a score more mine
ing properties gave old Yumaa new boom

At night the whole population sleeps out of
doors, and many people slumber under tla
open heavens ten months in the year. In
midsummer even the old-timers cannot endure
the heat and closeness of an apartment at night.
The scene that one looks upon ar he gaze
across Yuma at any dawn in midsummer
unique, Everybody in town—men, women and
ehildren—lies sleeping out of doors. There
are cota on the flat roofs, cota on the porches,
cots in the back and front yards and eota od
in the rude streets, where the perspiring, feverish
people have tried to find the least bit of stir-
ringair. And every cot is occupied by a human

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

being. Some men and women are stretched
out with the lightest sheets over them: some
are wearing their thin cotton clothes, and

children slumber with only the sapphire sky
over their innocence.

It is hard for people who live tn a region of
green hills, Nelds of waving arain, brooks,
gardens, forests and where rain falls ovcasion-
ally, to realize the barrenness of life in a desert
town like Yuma. The people here lead the
plainest lives. No one does a whit more work
than is actually necessary. Through the sx
warmest. months the péople get up at early
dawn. Stores open, wagons of merchandise
for the mines are loaded, housewlyes do thelt
cooking and work for the day. and Mexicans vo
from house to house delivering barrels of \uike-
warm water. At @o'clock the heft of the day $
duties is done, At & o'clock all work is finished
fora time. The sun fs far up and fs blaring
hotter, Every one who can be le under cover.
The heavy board window blinds are drawn to%
the stores and saloons are chut and all outdoors
is abandoned to the friendly Indians

At 6 o clock at night a general resurrection
takes place. Stores and houses are reopened,
The temperature may have cooled to 109 or 118
degrees, When the sun has gone down the
pover go about the yillage and perform more
household and business duties. Often. the
town fe un practically ‘a night. A few of the
merchandise stores do their largest business
between &§ P. M. and 8 A. M. Consider these
things and pity poor, hot. arid Yuma

The Arizona Territorial Penitentiary stands
within a great stone wall on a seorched_hill-
side in the northern part of Yuma. Gov Mur-
phy and the Tegislature have taken measures
toward the removal of the crude old structure
toa cooler part of the Territory

“There are very few prisoners who live in
confinement under this sky longer than eighf
years, and some do not survive five years
ssid a keeper the other day.

 

 

WOMEN BANISH MOSQUITOES

Porches of Richmond Hill Made Habitable
Through the Use of Crade Oll.

The women of the Twentieth Century Club
of Richmond Alll, L. 1, have proved the pract!+
eability of exterminating mosquitoes by the
use of crude oil, Last March this club was
addressed by Prof. Keith of the Smithsonian
Institution on the subject of exterminating
mosquitoes. After the lecture he made a tour
about Richmond Hill and pointed out the spots
which he considered breeding places for '\4
mosquitoes. These places were marshes ane
small ponds near Union Course and sever
public and private drains

The work of exterminating the mosquitoes
was placed in the hands of the Civic Commt(r@
of the club of which Mrs. Claghorn was «

 

 

  
 

nan. During theronth of April thie con t<
purchased through a local merchant ses ral
arrels of crude oil and kerosene. Then they

hired a number of boys, and, placing the ollin
wagons, set the boys to driving them The
members followed in carriages The marshes
and ponds were visited, and the boys P ‘
the oil on the water while the women superins
tended the job

The resulta of this work have exceeded et-
pectation. In former vears mosquitoes were
very numerous in Richmond Hill This rear
there have heen very few, and the resider's
have been able to enjoy their frent piazzas wa
comfort

The Twentieth Century Club has been act!4
in other directions during the present simmer.
while most other women's clubs have reline
quished their work. The Philanthropic Com-
mittee has maintained a sewing schoo! tn the
guild room of the Church of the Resurrection
and has provided weekly teas and enterts) \-
ments for the working people of Richmond Gul,

  

her fi
look!
for an
was in
eat] t
erty
“In
éerly,
told yo
Bhe
with 2
turned
shut it
his po
“Nol
Try to
to yo
youd
po
yota."
“Is
“Wh
“Brig
that yo
“Yo
He is
by thi
enoug
“Th
yota
me go
with
shall od
Kos'
twist.
“To
getting
by All
me m
1 love
There
erandf
of cro
of a¢
lullabi
ina ve
turn ©
1 mad
have bh
the Po
the Ki
Turks
come
yota.
be mar
“Wil
fa ther
her. d
speech,
eelf in’
ready
ing, oo
blow in
up in
His
trembl
takes
yota
“Oh,
Turk.