THE UNSPEAKABLE TURK.

ny GEORGE HORTON,

 

 

copyrtenMt. 1900, by George Horton.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECRDING CHAPTERS
“Curtis, & youn American, who chances to
M ihene ‘at the outbreak of the Greco-Turkish
9 Olibustering expedition to Crete. The
wed, but Curtla, Lieut. Lindbohm,
and @ native Cretan, Michall,
tne taland safely They arrive at a village
ed for by the inhabitants, Curtle has tn-
He is nursed by Pana-
ihe Dy In a few days word
ee bt the advance or ine Oks MAGEE fovenee
swn «6 Tbe Cretans eather in the pasa,

toward the 10 itis keepin

Job
rari
mn

SS Jessel ig wree
Mer of fortune,
reach
carr

id ons foot one see urchin

riegt's daughter

f ing and the women and
tbe ee bh erty Turks are killed, but Micha’
up bea Sounded and Panayote ts captured by Kos-
4 oe The ( tetans tetreat to the sea, Kostakes
aoa s the town, taking the old priest and Pana-
a along a8 prisoners Curtls, representing him-
‘eg 8 DEWSpADEL correspondent, also accompanies
we Turks eetakes bas the old priest murdered
the Tully two of the guards, wounds another and
curtls Math Panayota. They meet Iindbohm and
a and attack the Bashi Barouka, who recapture
Curtla and LIAndbohm discover each
otner {a in love with the Cretan captive. Kos-
mprisona ber in his barem in
uade her to marry him

CHAPTER XXV11.

Panayota was lying face down upon the bed,
put when she heard heavy footatepe {n the hall
god the scratching of the key upon the door, as

one outside fumbled at the lock, she
sprang to her feat and backed to the wall at the
farther aide of the room. She cast her eves
gpout the bare, dim room, as though there
most be some way of escape, moaning mean-

yo
tthe
Pies now!
fies Wo pers

‘anea and

a Virgin, save me! Oh, my God, what
shall 1 do?”

when Kostakes entered he found her thus,
her fists clenched, her lips white, She was
Jooking at him with great eyes of fear and hor-
por and #he scarcely seemed to breathe. There
was in her attitude the alertness of a hunted
eat] that hopes to make a sudden dash for lib-
erty and get away even at the last mornent.

“In the name of God, Panayota,” he said,ten-

y.*why are you #o frightened? Have 1 not
fold you I would not touch a hair of your head?”
she made no reply, but slid along the wail,
with her eres fixed on the open door. He
turned with an exclamation of impatience,
ghut ft with a slam, locked it and put the key in
his pocket.

“Nol” he sald, “don’t think of escaping.
ry to fix your mind on what lam going to say
to you. And now, {n the first place, | swear to
you by my hopes of salvation that I mean you
poharm. Now, listen to me—I love you, Pana-

ota.”
ne that why you murdered my father?*

“why do you say that 1 murdered your father?

“Bring him to me alive and then 1 shall know
that vou did not.”

"You ask an tmpossible thing, Panayota.
fle {s probably among the Sphakiote Mountains
by this time, and you know there aren't troops
qnough in all Turkey to get him out.”

“Then I'll tell you what you do,” cried Pana-
yota eagerly, advancing a step or two, “Lat
me go and find him. 1'll return here to Canea
with him. Honestly, 1 will, honestly—and you
shal] come and talk to me all you like.”

Kostakes gave his mustache an {(mpatient
twist

“To let vou go, after all the trouble I've had
getting you? Oh, no, Panayota. You're mine,
by Allah! and whoever takes you away from
me must kill me first. You don't know how
l love you; 1 could never tell you. Listen,
There isn’t a drop of Turkish blood in me. My
grandfather became a Turk because-—-because
of circumstanoes to save his life. 1am the son
of a Greek mother, and she used to sing Greek
lullabies to me in my cradle.” He waa talk-
ing very fastnow. “1 have always said | would
turn Christian some time, and when | saw you
1 made up my mind to do it night away. 1
have heard great news. Everybody says that
the Powers have decided to give the island to
the King of Greece. Then there will be no more
Turks here They will either go away or be-
come orthodox. Say you'll have me, Pana-
yota, and I'll get rid of my harem and we'll
be married before the priest-——"

“Will you murder your wives as you did my
father?” asked the girl. Koastakes stared at
her. deprived for the moment of the power of
speech. In his enthusiasm he had talked him-
eelf into the feeling that his dreams were al-
ready realized. Panayota’s voice, hard, sneer-
ing, cold with hate, shocked him like a sudden
blowin the face witha whip. Then rage surged
up in his veins and knocked at his temples.
Ris hands, that he had extended pleadingly,
trembled, and he gnashed his teeth. Kos-
takes was not beautiful at that moment Pana-
yota laughed.

“Oh, you Turk,” she cried, “you cowardly
Turk. You needn't grind your teeth at me.
I'm not afraid of death. lt’s only your vile
love that | fear.”

Kostakes raised his doubled fists above his
bead and brought them down with such vio-
lence that an involuntary “Ah!” escaped hirn.

 

 

“By God, girl, you would drive a saint crazy,” |

he cried. “Here 1 am offering to change my
Teligion and put away my harem, and all for
you, and ] get nothing out of you but an in-
sult. Don't you know that you are in my power,
and 1 can do with you what 1 please? No
cursed foreigner will rescue you this time. He
did not know enough to keep you when he had
you, and I'll see that he doesn't get another

chance. 1 want you to love me as | love you.
Panayota, l've made you an honorable propo-
fition. ] leave you to think it over. But make
up your mind to this 1th mine, and I'll
ever sive you up while } live.”
aon hen takes stepped into the court ain
ulelma was blowing up the coals in a'ititle
charcoal stove, home made, from an American
troleum can. yesha, standing by the

ble, called out in a stage whisper, plainly |

sugipie thro hout the cnetpours

effendi comes,” an ) 8
trom the drawer. a pulled the fish

Isn't dinner ready yet?” he snarled; “what

ve you lazy women been doing?”

All ready, effendi,” replied Ayesha. “We
Couldn't fry the barbounia till you came, They
are better hot. Souletma, bring the olive oil
Gnd the salt. In two minutes, effendi.”

Got any wine?” asked Kostakes, as the
Blatter of steaming fish was set before him.

“Wine, quend . in a Turkish house?”
fe ve wine; if you've got any, bring it on,
tr hina Pe nde yy os suggested Sou

uk Ferende has some,” 68 -
psn "\ad Pt tpt rou help het

7 | An on't su ou er?”

Effendi, I ewear—— commen Siou-

‘I don't e °
bested ey see know the taste of it,” pro-
Silence, silence! and bring me soma And

here,” as the decanter was set before |

br “If Lever hear a lisp about my wine drink-
T'll wring the necks of you both—cackling
a ene that you are. And now send Ferende
wait on me, and get out of my sight, the two of
i You take my appetite away.
the hot a greasy old sloven.”
“ re the effendi had eaten he betook him-
Peat peclamber in search of much-needed
st Ferende followed him, and, _ sitting
Pubon the side of the bed, attempted to lay
yCheek against his. But he pushed her from
" saving ‘n a querulous and disgusted tone:
ous ptyirom me and let me breathe, can't
. doo arken the room and go away. Shut
bol vor, and if any of you women make a
oy *h, thera, taken!”
4e,,*Mendl.” Ferende had nearly closed
the corr but she opened it a little ways and
wht her face back into the room.
Pry poe take Panayota up those cold fish.
Wine t Some hot ones, and give her some
Tie ex-favorite found the two elder wives

Wilaror)

“Whe ne, together in the garden.
kad Asean! Sou stay with the effendi?”

spitefully.
ee niked straight up to them.
the caries, ctiends,” she said. “We're all in
fact, yoy boat, and must work together. In
am pt Are in a worse fix than [ am, for I
of yu ner and better looking than elther
Qrare 22 & Young, handsome woman can

Thies wane .

’ not i .
&eeor conelliatory language, but it
had led Pn well with what the two women
Could make re, wus in® to each other, that they
M8 the other for ely. Each looked inquiringly
axeq "for & moment, and then Souleima

“Fr . ‘

“Aha pit think he fs In earnest?”

ey with He would have no reason to

“We shall the girl else, She is in his power,”

Ayesha, al be turned into the street,” said

bar nin never dare,’ cried Soulelma. “He
ing Against us We are faithful,

Nest wiye
Wanda" «Tt would make too great a

ae Walke:

ust

replied Ferende, coolly.

an really wishes to get rid of

ty hall ae . sooner or later.

4 ve do, oh, what shall we do?”

, They re two elder wives. Poor things!
"If she ahouie Ein to take refuge with.

ima ld take sick and dle!” suggested

ends started viol
the cried, to loud that all three of Gem

  

anced aporehonsivety at the windows. Then,
overlong er voice

“Don't ever think of such a thing again.
It's too dangerous. She must escape.”

“Bat the effendi would kil) us even for that,”

t must be done tn such a way that he will

never suspect ua We must put our heads to
gether.”

CHAPTER XXVIII

‘We must yust take our chances,” said | ind-
bohin. “How far is it from here to the block-
house?”

Cirtis was lyiog on hig stomach behind a rock
with his rifle beside hiro.

About sixty or seventy rods,” be replied.
“Rods? What is a rod?” asked Linc yohm,
The Yankee laughed.

“Lhe fort ts let me see, between 900 and 400
yards from here.”

There was a puff of amoke from a window
of the square, gray building, followed a moment
later by a distant report and the humming of @
miter String in the air above their heads, Curtis
ay down again.

“Damn bad shot,” observed his companion,

make me sick after being in South Africa, If |

he would have
‘urke cannot shoot, So

We will have our beat
shots crawl in close and fire on the doorg and
windows, Then | take a detachment and run
in. When the Turks appear we drop, and our
men fire another volley, Then we Jump up
and take another dash. So we take ft.’

The blockhouse was a little above them, on
a rocky eminence that commanded the gleam-
ing sheet of Suda Hay, in shape like a written
capital V. Four warships, two Englishmen, @
Frenchman and a German, lay resting at an-
ghor. thin columns of smoke bending from their
unnela and drifting away amicably together.
Something over a mile and a half away, those
great floating engines of death and terror looked
@8 innocent as a tiny fleet on aduck pond, In-
trenched in the rocks all about Lindbohrn was
an armed band, 150 in number, consisting of
Cretan insurgents, youthful italian enthustasts
and Greek Turcophobes, — Behind them rose

at had been a Boer, now,
hit you. But these
we will make a@ rush

the tremendous piles of Ida and the White
Mountains, and below them lay the bright,
emiling valleys of the coust, and the lowe

slopes, where an occasional white village gleam
among ite olive orchards,

“How many are there of ‘em?” asked Curtis,
Lindbohm smiled, and raising his bie pink hand
to his blonde mustache, gave it a play ul pull.

“That's yugt what we're going to find out,”

he replied) Calling an inaurgent to hin who
spoke French, he explained in that language the
plan for the assault, tie himself selected the
men who were to accompany him, twenty-five
in number, and such as possessed bayonets
oroceaded to fix them to their rifles, The places
rom which the shooting was to be done was
Relected and the men began to get to them as
rapidly as possible. Lindbohm and Curtis, at
the head of the little band, worked down toward
the open spot across which the rush must be
made, These movements caused more or less
of exposure and drew repeated fusillades from
the blockhouse. Most of the bullets passed
over the heads of the attackers, but occasionally
one slapped against the soft face of a rock, or
scurried through the gravel, One glanced
near Curtis's head. He turned and looked
curiously in the direction of the sound,

“It takes yust one good big battle to break
aman of that,” observed the fieutenant.

“Of what?”

“Looking after the bullets. They sing all
sorts of tunes and sometimes they only, whis-
per but they alwaya say the same thing—
death, death.”

The attacking party spread out into a line

with distances of ten feet and over between
the men. Lindbohm held out his hand to Curtis.
‘Au revoir, my triend,” he said. fixing his

innocent blue eyes upon the American You
better stay here This is a iittle dangerous,
and yon got a mother, you know.”

The men were lying upon their stomachs,
Lindbohm's left elbow rested upon the ground,
his chin supported by the left hand As he
spoke he pushed ont his right arm. toward

urtis and the two men clasped hands, The
American was thrilled by a great revelation
of affection for the Swede—his eyes were so
childlike, his voice so tender, and his smile
so sad and sweet, like a woman's. He had lost
the handkerchief that had been tied about his
head, and his pompadour had fallen down in
spots, like a wheat field upon which fragments
of wind have dropped here and there He
was very mich in earnest now, as nervously
he awept one end of his great blond mustache
between his teeth with the tip of his tongue,
and inquired.

“Eh? Is it not so?
the little mother.”

“Do you think I'd go back on a friend in a
time like thie?” asked Curtis indignantly. “But
see here, Lindbohm, since you're uneasy about
me, you'll find my address in my pocket. If
anything happens to me, write to my folks.
And--and, about Panayota——"

Lindbohm dropped the hand that he was
the die and the color faded out from beneath

We must remember

the duet and grime upon his face.

‘About Panayota?”

“Tell her | meant what I safd to her that day,
every word of ft. I--I—, she'll understand

nd «ay, Lindbohm,

er, let daylight through him, will yon?
him one for me, will you?"

Jing’
upon his
his great soft
lang, a time that an Italian ca
dently ag little distance:

“Parati, signor!”

Then he looked up suddenly and again seized
Curtis by the hand. 7
You are not going,” he said sternly. “I
en command here, and I order you to stay

ok.”

Ere the American had a chance to reply half
a dozen guns roared from a covert nearby, @
dozen more followed as rapidly as the sound
of a boy trailing a stick along a picket fence.
and then for a full moment the firing continued

s capriciousiy as the explosions of a bunch of
Rrecrackers It ceased and Lindbohm, bent
we, was running toward the blockhouse He

ad not got more than ten vards away before
the others were darting after him

“Oh, damn his orders!” muttered Curtis, and

Give

left elbow, he slid his face down into
hand, and remained at for
1 impa-

if Kostakes has insulted |

hm made no reply. but, still resting |

 

 

o ot pene ee ®

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.

the life out of yon!” danced with hooked hands

at his adversary's throat. Stre as a gorilla,
among the best athletes % ee

and notable

world, the football plavers of Harvard, he had
nothing to fear * lie dodged between the
sinewy arms of his opponent, and, archi

his back against the python embrace which
now tlehtened upon him, felt for the Cretan's
thront, when there was a great crunchin

and trembling sound, and in the air, that hac
suddenly turned inilky and pungent, and yellow
with a lightning burst of sun, Cretane and
Turks were leaping like imps. Curtie stoe

for a moment in stupid wonder, his mouth open,
his hands «till convulsively twitching, He was
gaving ato arent heap of débris and a triangle
of wall with one ragged side Men were
Seramiling over the rubbish, working their
arma as though they were trving tofly. Some-
thing like an electric shock it was fear--smote
the American, and his stomach swooped as
when one goes down in a swing. Ile leaped
@mong the feers and gained the open, With.
out looking to see where he was golnag, he struck
out instinetively for the bills. Onee or twice
he fell down, but he was on lis feet again in an
instant As he ran, his fear grew, Some
one shouted to him. a famillar votoe, but he did
not stop. Lindhelhm seized him firmly by the

arm and held him. Curtis struggled for a
moment, and then he felt weak. He could
run no further. Ile tried to speak several

times, but was entirely out of breath, At last
he managed to gasp:

"What? What’ What?"

The Swede was standing on a little emi-
nence, with one hand In his pocket; hair, face
and clothing were dusted miller white with
powdered lime. Ne was gazing toward the
sea, and there was the ghost of a smile in his
childlike blue eves,

"six-inch shell,” he replied. Curtis looked
There was a spurt of fame from one of the toy
ships in the duck pend, followed by a muffled
detonation, and a sound like the wind some-
times makes at sea. An explosion threw up
a great cloud of dust about thirty yards beyond
the blockhouse--or what remained of it,

“French!” said Lindbohm

Another flash, again the sound of the wind,
again the explosion this time about twenty
yards short,

“German, L think. They lowered too much,
because the others fired high

The third shell from yet another ship clipped
away the white flag that was still standing on
the corner of the bullaing

“English! That's great work!" Lindbohm’'s

 

interest was entirely professional and dis-
Interested

To be continued
LIVELY MICHIGAN CAMPAIGNING.

Candidates for Political Honors in the Wolver-
ine State Mast Be Up and Doing.

Col, Bliss of Saginaw and Mayor Maybury of
Detroit are the rival candidates, Republican
and Democratic, for Governor of Michigan
this year. Michigan ie a Republican State
which has been practically unswerving in its
devotion to Kepublican principles and candi-
dates for forty years, but it Is a State which con-
tains, perhupe, # larger restless and dissatisfied
politied element than any other State of lke
importance in the country, an elernent which
proverbially makes uncertain at the outset 4
State or national fight, though the result of it
is, in ulmost every case, the same,

Michigan, with a population of about one-
third that of New York by the lust national
census, has an area 10,000 square miles greater
and the difficulties of campaigning in Michigan
are such as to seem almost insurmountable to 4
atuteaman not uccustomed to the prevuiling
political customs there, Col, Bliss, the Republican
candidate, is to speak throughout the State un-

der the direction of the State Committee, He
will attend fifteen tarmers’ pientes and re
unions of yoldiors In Auguat, beginning in Bay
City, and in addition a number of State fairs
and farmers’ meetings.

His Democratic opponent, who fa the present
Mayor of the city of Detroit, has a like schedule
of carmpalaning which tn Michigan includes not
merely attendance at military gatherings and
those of farmers, but also meetings of Ira-
ternal organizations, fishermen, bleyclists, rail.
roud men, miners, lumbermen, suilors and
commercial organizations. A candidate tor
hich office in Michigan, such as Jovernor or
United States Senator, is expec ted “to mingle
with the voters,” addressing them slcrorsronds,
from railroad stations, hotel balconies,
stands and in halls and from boats

With the exception of Detroit there {s no
city in Michigan having as maby as 100,000

fair

| inhabitanta, and it is made up mostly of small

the lines of the railroads eo that a
* campaigning tour would prob-
short of permitting the candidate
to visit all the chief places of political impor-
tance, Though the distances in Michigan are
long between towns, the opportunities of reach-
ing them through railroad conne*tions, which
are many, are excellent. In the Presidential
election of 1806, Michigan cast 544,000 votes
and New York 1,545,000--a million more, De-
spite bn disparity jp voting population the
railroad mileage of the two States is substan-
tially the same, 8,000, and candidates can urge
no objection of Jack of railroad facilities to jus
tify their absence from any town where the
voters may desire to hear them.
campaigning
tes,

towns alon,
three mont
ably fall

In some other respects, too
in Michigan is a burden unon the candi
No other State, perhaps, has suc a
diversity of interests as Michigan. It does
not rank high {n manufactures and {s a farm-
ing State,and ranks no higher than its popu-
lation would warrant, but {[t has enormous
mineral interests: chiefly fron and copper:
{t leads all other States in the product of lum-

or: it has large fisheries and procuces more
than one-half of the salt product of the United
States. Much of the productive labor in the
State of Michigan is what would be called_un-
skilled labor--lumbermen and miners, chiefly—
and the views of many of these voters on

acrambling to his feet, he ran so rapidly for- litical topics are very much leas enlightened
ward that assed two or three of the Italfans, | than is the case in nel@hboring States—Ohio
and had nearly reached Tdndbohm's side e |} and Iilinois, for instance, Moreover, Mich-
eard a sound as though the man behind him | igan has quite a_considerable foreign-born
ad stepped on a bundle of dry twigs. Turn- | votin, population distinct from what isthe rule
ing, he saw the poor fellow Iring upon his side | in other States, It haa a large number of Ca-
bent like a bow He was slutching the calf of nadians, a large number of Hollanders and a
his left leg with both hands and grinning His | considerable number o olish voters, and
shin had been shattered by a halt Somebody — the candidate who attaina the office of Governor
fell upon Curtis and hore Alm to earth, andim- | of Michigan has reason to ¢ grateful when the
mediately there was a crash and rattle of rifles | campaign for it is at an end.
behind and all around him. The man 3 his The Republicans of Michigan are counting
| side took Meliherate aim at sornebody and fired. | ona majority of 390,000 for Col. Bliss this year

| They were still ten of twelve rod

She at |

— —— -

Curtis followed his example and shot at one of
the windows of the blockhouse There was a
lull and they dashed forward again. Curtis
kept his eve on Lindbohm this time. and pitched
forward tipon his face. when he saw the Swede
do likewise. They ran but ashort distance each
time, but the third spurt brovabt them half way
to the destination Lindbohm now kept
straight on, stopping avery moment to aim and
fire. The others followed his example and they
were able thus to keep advancing, and none the
lesa to maintain quite a fusillade against the
doors and windows of the Turkish stronghold.
3 away when
a white flag appeared on the roof. Lindbohm
turned and motioned to his companions, who
gathered about him. They walked fearlessly
hrough the open door into the front room of
a square stone building, A thin-faced, gray-
headed officer in a faded fez came forward to
meet them. Twenty Turks in ragged uniforms
were huddled together in a corner. The place
was dim and sulphurous with smoke. *

“To whom have I the honor of surrendering?

ked the Turkish officer in French, unbuckling

is sword.

“To me, monsieur,” re pied Lindbohm, bring-
Ing nip noes to pine a “click,” and salu
nag with great nity.

“I surrender € save bloodshed,” said the
Turk. “I see that you are not a Cretan and I
therefore, with perfect confidence, turn these
men over to you as prisoners of war.”

“They shall give up their arms and suffer no
harm. Monsieur will do me the honor of re-
taining his sword.”

The remaining Cretans were now come up
and many of them had crowded into the room

| difleulty as regards entry into Manila.

Lindbohm ordered them out and put two stout |

fellows at the door

“Now, monsieur, if you will, kindly tell your
men to give up their guns.”

The officer said a few words to his little band,
and one by one, as a sergeant called their names,
they stepped forward and }anded their wea-
pons to Curtis, who massed them to a man ont-
side the door. The fast gun had scarcely been
given up ere a sudden commotion broke out
among the Cretans and half a dozen burly in-

urgenta, forcing their way past the guard,
urst into the room. The commotion now
swelled to a hoarse uproar, and Curtis caught
the words, “Kill' kill!’ and “No! no!” Lind-
bohm did not realize the gravity of the situa-
tion. He was raging because his orders had
been disobeyed, rt thought that the whole
band, actuated by curiosity, were about to
He therefore leaped to the door

ewarm in
with Pevellod bayonet, and threatened the crowd
eo flercely that they all shrank back Mean-

while, a thing happened that fairly froze Cur-

tis with horror. The half dozen insurgents
raised their guns to their shoulders and elib-
erately pointed them at the body of unarmed
Turks, who, seized with panic, assumed all
the attitudes of fear
the wall, as though they would shrink through
{t; some fell upon the earthen floor, others
squatted and doubled their arms in front of
faces and chests. Several tried to seize their
companions and hold them before their own
odies
” A dreadful langh, mingled with foul and in-
sulting words. broke from the
throats. The Turkish officer stepped quietly
in front of his men, and, crossing his arms over

his chest, regarded the Cretans with a look of |

His thin face and gray beard added
the dauntless soul that spoke In
He had the beak and eyes of an

high scorn.
asublimity. to
his attitude
eagle

Curtis was
revulsion. and
name of God!

completely carried away

horror. The words “In. the
In the name of God!” beat in his
brain with the regular strokes of a trip-hammer,
and he fancied he heard son e one shouting
them, An insurgent threatened him with the
baronet and another, with an outburst of @x-
poatulation, seized the threatener s gun Then
A third Cretan leaped upon him and attems ted
to push him te one side of the room, Curtis,

now completely crazed with rage, dropped the

gun whic
quarters, and snarling,

he was unable to use at such close
“Damn you, ll

Some crouched against |

insurgents’ |

with |

| seven months

 

and of 40,000 for McKinley and Roosevelt.

GETTING INTO MANILA.

 

The Information Requtred of All Who Are
Permitted to Enter the City.

From the Manila American.

It was easier for that man to pass through
the aye of a needle than to enter the gates of
heaven, so said the Teachor of old, and a more
modern teacher has arisen to ordain the same
Why?
Is this city such a much-to-he-denied paradise?
Surely those who have had much experience
of it will sav “No!” (with a capital N). And
yet, before one can enter here, one has to write
a perfect and complete little history of one's
self, authenticate it and hand it over to the
special department which holds the key of
Manila.

Upon embarking on board a steamer at
Hong Kong bound for Manila one ts handed
a large sheet of paper and on this paper fs an
array of questions, all relating to the would-
be voyager's most private and personal con-
cerns-an array fit to frighten the timid trav-
eller and cause him to change his mind as to
the destination of his journeyings. Firat, in
order, of course, is the column for the full
name half the name or initials will not do,
A stern fate decrees a truthful statement of
vour age. No pgiddy young thing of 49
allowed to rvert the truth and drop
any of her years, She must not flgure on

this document as “twenty-three years and
“Sex” is the next question,
and John Thornas Smith must be careful to
announce that he isnot “feminine,” even though
he may possibly be effeminate! Whether you
run in single or double harness must next be
confessed to, or woe betide the prevaricator.
Occupation, whether able to read and write,
nationality, last residence, seaport for landing
and final destination in the Philippines are
some of the further questions to be asked
and then, to prove that the intending traveller
is no would-he stowaway he must state the
fact of hi< possession or otherwise of a@ ticket
to his destination, and furthermore, he or she

is ne

must even sav whether the ticket was pur-
chased with his or her own or other people's
money Then the condition ef one’s Anances

must be declared and the actual sum of money
constituting one’s worldly possessions, and “ff
thirty or less” how much cash one has: so that
if one has “thirty” one must be very careful
not to under or over estimate the amount

Is the immigrant going to join a relative?
that relative's name and address must be given,
If he has ever before been in the Philippines,
whether he goes to work, under contract or
otherwise, are vital questions to be truthfully
answered,

Whether he has ever been in prison, alms-
house or lived on charity, probe deeply into
his most intimately private attnirs For though
he might never have been in prison, the truth-
telling traveller right feel that he should say
{f he has not that he onght to have been, while
the answer “Not vet!” to the question whether
he is a polvgamist wont pass

Finally, the eondition of his health must
be stated his mental as well as physical
and it Le tells the truth when he arrives at this
stage of the self-examination he will be very
apt to say, rdering on insanity.” And
then, to close up, he must state whether he
is crippled or deformed! If he have only the
$20, made so much a pointof, he may be men-
tioned as crippled financially, and by the time
he geta through he will in all probability con-
clude that there are other green flelds and pas-
tures new and direct bis footsteps toward

 

 

rr
Eee Eee
_
i

MANAS, THE MILLER,

CopyrigM, 1000, by Seamas MacManus

There was a man fromthe mountain named
Donal once married the daughter of a stingy
old couple who lived on the lowlands,

He used to stay and work on his own wee
patch of land all the week round, till it came
to Saturday evening, and on Saturday evening
he went to his wife's father’s to spend Sunday
with them

Coming and going he always passed the mill
of Manas, the miller, and Manas, who used to
be watching him passing, always noticed and
thought it strange, that while he jumped the
millrace going to his wife's father's on a Satur-
day evening, he had always to wade through
it coming back, For a little time he noticed
thia and wondered, and at Iaat he stopped
Donal one Monday morning and he asked him
to tell him the meaning of it.

“Well, Ill tell you,” says Donal, says he
“It'athia. My old father-in-law ts such a very
amall eater, that he says grace and blesses
himself when I've only got a few pleces out of
my meals, eo I'm always weak coming back
on Monday morning.”

Manas, he thought over this to himself for
awhile and then says he: “Would you mind
letting me go with you next Saturday evening?
If you do, I promise you that you'll leap the
millraee coming back.’

“No, but I'll be glad to have you,” says Donal

Very well and good, WhenSaturday evening
came, Manas joined Donal and off they both
trudged to Donal's father-in-law

The old man was not too well pleased at seeing
Donal bringing a fresh hand, but Manas, he
didn't pretend to see this, but made himself as
welcome as the flowers of May, and when supper
was laid down on Saturday night, Manas gave
Donal the nudge, and both of them began to

7 _
sy ha al cio le wT PERT IT LTT

 

|

|

tie their shoes as if they had got loose, and |
they tied and tied away at their shoes, ull the |

old man had eaten a couple of minutes, and
then said grace and finished and got up from
the table, thinking they wouldn't have the ill
manners to sit down after the meal was over.

But down to the table my brave Manas and
Donal sit and eat their hearty skinful. And
when the old fellow saw this he was gruff and
grumpy enough, and it's little they could get
out of him between that and bedtime.

But Manas kept a lively chat going, and
told good stories that passed away the night
and when bedtime came, and they offered Manas
a bed in the room, Manas said no, that there
was no place he could sleep, only one, and that
was dong the fireside

The old man and the old woman both ob-
jected to this, and said they couldn't think of
allowing a stranger to sleep there, put all they
could say or do wasn't any use, and Manas said
he couldn't nor wouldn't sleep in any other
place, and insisted on lying down there, and lie
down there he did in spite of them all, and
they all went off to their beds.

But though Manas lay down, he was very
sure not to let himself go to sleep, and when
he was nearabouttwo hourslying he hears the
room door open easy, and the old woman puts
her head out and listens, and Manas he snored
as if he hadn't slept for ten days and ten nights

before.
When the old woman heard this. she came
up on the floor and Jooked at him, and saw him
like as if he was deadasieep, Thenshe hastened
to ow a pot of water on the fire and began to
make a pot of stirabout for herself and the
old man, for this was the way, as Manas had
well suspected, that they used to cheat Donal,

But just in the middie of the cooking of the
pot of atirabout, doesn't Manas roll over and
provend jo waken up. Up he site and rubs his
eyes and looks about him, an
woman and at the pot on the fire.

“Ah,” says, he, “is |t here ye are, or is it morn-
in’ with ye?

“Well no.” says she, “it isn't mornin’, but we
have a cow that's not well, and 1 had to put on
a mash on the fire here for it. I'm sorry 1
wakened ye.”

“O, no, no,” says Manas, says he, “you haven't
wakened me at all. It's this sore ankle | have
here,” says he. “l've a very, very sore ankle.”
says he, “and it troubles me sometimes at night.”
he says, “and no matter how sound asleep 1
may be, it wakens me up, and I've got to sit up
until 1 cure it:” Says he: “There's nothin’
cures it. but soot—till 1 rub plenty of soot out
of the chimney to it.”

And Manas takes hold of the tongs, and he
begins pulling the soot down out of the chimney
from above the pot, and for every one piece
that fell on the fire, there were five pieces that
fell into the pot. And when Man thought
he had the posset well enough spi
soot, he raised up a@ little of the soot from the
fire and rubbed his patie with it.

“And now,” says he. “that's all right, and 1'll

pet waken again till mornin’.”

And he atretched himself out again and be-
gan to spore,

The old woman was pretty vexed’ that she
had her night's work spoiled, and ahe went up
to the roorn to the old man and told him whar
had happened to the gtirabout. He got into a
bad rage entirely and asked her was Manas
asleep in, and she saidhe was. Then he
ordered her to go down and make an oat scow-
der and put it on the ashes for him.

She went down and got the oatmeal and
made a good scowder and set it on the ashes,
and then sat by it for the short while it would
be doing.

asleep sound and

| this

'v«

+o
‘

 

oer back the empty jug, and went in and lay
own
Then she milked off another jug for herself
and drank it, and came slipping tn and put the
Jug easy on the dresser. so as not tawaken Manas
and wert up to the room

When she came up the old
there Says he “You mieht
cows in the eounty since,
huager here waitin’ on if
milk.” save he

“And what do vou mean,” save she

‘What do you mean, you old blatherskite?”
says the old man. saya he

aye she: “Didn't you come out to the byre
and ask me for the jug of milk there, an’ didn't
Live it to you, an’ didn't you drink it all?’

“Be this and be that,” says he, “but this {sa

fellow waa rrging
have milked all the
an’ me dead with
Give me my jug of

pice how-do-ye-do, It's that scoundrel.” says
he, “in the kitchen that's treked ye again An’
be this an’ be that.” says he I'm goin’ down

now an’ have his life

And when she heard how
tricked she waa not a bit sorry
and have Manas's life

Kut Manas had been listening with lis ear
to the keyhole to hear what was going on,
and when he heard this, and while the man
was preparing to go down and take his life,
he hauled in a calf. and put it lying by the fire-
side where he had been Iving and threw the
cover over it

And when the man came down wlth the
sledge-hammer he went for the place where
he knew Manas had been lying, and he struck
with all hie mieht, and he drove the hammer
through the calf's skull, and the calf only just
gave one mew and died And then the old
fellow went back to his bed content and the
miller went out and off home again

When the old fellow and his wornan got up
fn the morning early to @o and. bury, the
miller, they found the trick he had played
on them, and they were in a pretty rage

she had been
to let bin go

aN

Opt, Sad

 

But when the breakfast was made this morns |

ing, and Donal and all of them sat down, I
can tell vou the old fellow was in ne hurry
saving grace, and Donal he got his hearty fill
for once in his life anyhow, and so did he at
night

And when Donal was going back for home
on Monday morning he leapt the mill-race,
and Manas came out and gave him a. cheer
He got Manas’s both hands and he shook them
right hearty

And every Monday morning after, for the
three years that the old fellow lived, Manas
alway saw Donal leap the mill-race as easy as
@ sparrow might hop over a rod

At the end of three vears the old fellow died
and Donal went to live on the farm altogether,
and there was no friend ever came to see him
that was more heartily weleomed than Manas
the Miller

 

NEW YORK.

COLLEGE CLUBS IN

There Are Many of Them and They Offer

Many Advantages to Graduates.

When the New York Harvard Alumni de-
cided a few years ago to build a clubhouse
suitable to their needs it was a foregone con-
clusion that Yale and Princeton would not
be long in following their example. These
three universities now have clubs in this city,
each a membership of more than 1,000.

It is evident, from a recent club list, that
college men take naturally to clubs. The
University Club, of course, heads the list with
its broad membership which includes grad-
uates from every ccllege of importance in
country. In addition to the Harvard,
Yale and Princeton clubs Cornell is repre-
sented lg a very flourishing organization which
will some day have a new clubhouse of its own,
and nearly all the smaller colleges have either
clubs or assoclations which give an annual
dinner and occasional smoker. More exelu-
sive in membership are the Greek letter fra-
ternity clubs, of which the D. K. F., Psi Upsilon
and Alpha Delta Phi are the best known. There

| are half a dozen others which support well

| equipped clubs.

looks at the |

) ner.

But she hadn't it many minutes on the ashes |

when Manas let a cry out of him, as If it were
in his sleep, and up he jumps and rubé his eves
and looks about him, and when he saw her he
said: “Och! is it here ve are, and I'm glad ye
are,” save he, “because I've a great trouble on
me mind that’s lying a load over me heart and
wouldn't let me sleep. and 1 want to relieve me
mind to ye,” says Manas, “an’ then I'll sleep
hearty and sound aj] the night after when

get rid of it. So I'll tell you a story,” savs he,

So he catches hold of the tongs in his two
hands, and ns he told the story he would wave
about with the points of them in the ashes,

“And,” savs he “1 want to tell you that my
father afore he died was a very rich man and
owned no end of land. He had three sons,
myself, and Teddy and Tom, and the three of
us were three good, hard workers, 1 always
liked Teddy and Tom, but, however, it came out
Tom and ‘feddy hated me, and they never lost
achance of trying to damage me with my father
and to turn tim against me, He sent Teddy
and Tom to echoo] and gave them a grand edi-
ention, but he only gave me_the «pade in my
fiste and sent me ont to the flelds. And when
Teddy and Tom eame hack from sehool they
were two gentlemen, and used to ride their
horses and hunt with their houuds and me
they always made look after the horses and
groom them and eaddle them and bridle them,
end be there in the vard to meet them when
they would come in from their riding and take
charge of their horses, give them a rubbing
down and stable them for them.

“In my own mind 1 used to think that this
wasn't exactly fair or brotherly treatment
but 1 said nothing, for 1 liked both Teddy an

om. And prouder and prouder of them every
day got my father, and more and more eve
day he disliked me, until at long and 4t inst,
when he came to die, he liked Teddy and Tom
that much, and he liked poor Manas that little
that he drew up his will and divided his land
into four parts and left it in this way

“Now supposin'’,” says Manas, says he. dig-
ging the point of the tongs into the scowder,
“supposin’,” says he “there was my father's
farm. He cut {it across this way,” says he,
drawing the tongs through the scowder in one
way, ‘Then he cuts it aerose this way,” says
Ke, drawing the tongs through the seowder in
the other direction, ‘and that quarter,” says
he, toseing away a quarter of the scowder with
the point of the tongs, “he gave to my mother,
And that quarter there,” says he, tossing off
the other quarter into the dirt, “he gave to
Teddy, and this quarter here.” says he, tossing
the third quarter, “he gave to Tom,
last quarter,” says Manas, says he, digging the
point of the tongs right Into the heart of the
other quarter of the scowder, and lifting it up
and looking at it “that quarter,” says he, “he

ave to the priest,” and he pitched it as far
rom him down the floor ashe could. “And
there,” save he, throwing down the tones, “he
left poor Manas what he is to-day -a beggar
and an outcast, That ma'am,” says he. ‘is
me story, and now that I've relieved my mind
I'll sleep sound and well till morning.”

And down he stretches himself by the fireside
and begins to snore again,

And the old woman she started up to the room

 

: | the young alumni by makin
with the | of he youor £

In addition to all these clubs
there is the University Athletic Club. A @rad-
uate of a college where the Greek letter so-
cieties have enantere is thus eligible to mem-
bership in the University Club, his own col-
ege club, his Greek letter fraternity club and
the University Athletic Club, and many college
graduates do carry these four on their list.
They meet much the same class of men in each
and the younger men who cannot afford to
belong to more than two clubs usually select
the one for collage men which pleases them
best, and for a second club join one that’ is
not made up exclusively of coliege men.

The total membersh{p of these various col-
lege clubs ts large and their increasing pros-
perity is evidence of the fact that college As-
sociations are binding enough after a man has
been graduated to attract men to the clubs
founded on them. Yale's new clubhouse is
to be something of a skyscraper and as such
it will be an experiment in club building. It
will have some very obvious advantages, even
though {t may not look as much like a club
as a bachelor apartment house. By building
up into the alr the number of living rooms
for members is largely increased. The Prince-
ton Club is now located in a comfortable, oid-
fashioned house at Thirty-fourth street and
Park avenue. Like the Yale and Harvard
clubs it makes a strong bid for the support
its dues very
low for men who have been out of college less
than ten yeara One of the distinctive fea-
tures of these college clubs is the craduated
acale of dues. It {a safe to assume that not
more than half the graduates of these col-
leges become wage-earners until they have
been out of college four or five years If the
man goes in for a profession three of these
five years are used in preparing for It. So
moderate are the dues for the men who have
been out of college less than five years that
the great majority of the alumni can afford
membership in these clubs The Princeton

wae:

PEF
an awe

 

 

—————

CAPT. GREGG AND

Doubt Cast Upon One of the Romantic Tales
of the Revolutionary War.

ALBANY, Aug. 18. One of the most romantic
and oft-repeated tales of the Revolution is
that of Capt. Gregg, who was sealped by the
Indians, and whose rescue from a lingering
death was attributed to the thoughtfulness
of a faithful dog. Gres was an oMflcer under
the command of the brave and capable Col
who suceessfully defended Fort
Leger's advance in 1777
necompaniod

AIS DOG,

 

Ciansevoort,
Stanwix against St
Contrary to orders, Capt, Greeg,
by a corporal, left the fort in search of game,

was surprised by the Indians, shot and
then sealped, his companion being instantey
killed. Gregg, despite his wounds, was found

alive and carried into the fort. fle recovered
and awain served his country with honor and
credit. Such is a brief narration of the event,
vold of any sentimental or romantic incidents

Timothy Dwight, author of “Travels in New
England and New York, 1821," seems to have
fastened upon this incident the episode of the
faithful dog, who has ever since complacently

trotted alongside of the story. Dwight says
after deseribing the attack by the Indians an
the wounding of Greeg

“A small dog which felonged to him and had
accompanied him in his hunting, but to whieh
he had hitherto been inattentive, now came
upto him Inapparent agony, and leaping around
him ina variety of involuntary motions, yelped,
whined and erled in an unusual manner, to the
no small molestation of his master. Gregg
was not in a aituation to bear the disturbance
even of affection, He tried in every way which
he could think of to force the dog from him,
but he tried in vain. At length, wearied by
his cries and agitations, and not knowing how
te an end to them, he addressed the animal
asif he had been a rational bein If you wish
so much to help me, «o and call some one to
my relief, At these words the ereature in-
stantly left him and ran through the forest at
full apeed, to the great comfort of his master,
who now hoped to die quietly

The dog made his way directly to three men
belonging to the garrison, who were fishing
at the distance of a mile from the seene of the
tragedy, as soonas he came_up to them he
began to ery in the same afflicting manner,
and advancing near them, turned slowly back

| toward the point where his maater lay, keep-
ing his eye continually on the men, all thts
he repeated several times At lenath one of
the men observedto his companions that

Club has now more than 1,000 members and
its dining rooms are well filled every day. Like |
many of the fraternity clubs the Princeton

Club serves a table d'hote breakfast and din-
One member of the House Committee
lives in the club and he is thus able to give
all the time necessary _fto its management.
Such clubs as these offer a home to the young
college man who comes to New York a stranger
He finds in them many of his old college friends
and the club offers more, in proportion to its
dues, than any other kind of club !n town.
The University Club, on the other hand, is
one of the most expensive clubs in town. | Its
initiation fee is large and ita dues are three
or four times as much as those of the regular
college or fraternity club. Moreover, an_ elec
tion to membership is more difficult to obtain.

A COYOTE ROUND-UP.

The Prairie Wolves Are Getting Troublesome
—Tiow the Hant Is Managed,
From the Chicago Record,

Akron, Col, Aug. 10.—Eastern Colorado
ranchmen value an ordinary covote at $37 60.
This extravagant price will result in another
great hunt this fall, in which it ts estimated
thoucands of the little animals will fall victims

| the hot spell of last week.

' wich

to the furty-four of the cowboys or the hounda ,;

of the sports of the Fast
The citizens of the various stock towns tn the

! eovote infested section are preparing to have a

And this |

and she told the old man what had happened |

to the scowder, and the old fellow got into a

mighty rage entirely, and was for getting up
nd going down to have the life of Manas, for
¢ was starving with the hunger

But «he tried to smooth him down as well as
she could. And then he told her to go down to
the kitehben and make something else on the
fire for him.

“Oh. it's no use.” save she, “a-trying to make
anvthing on the fire for there'll be some other
ache coming on that fellow’s ankle or some
other trouble on his mind, and he'll be getting
'f in the middle of itall to tell meanoutit. But
I'll tell you what I'll do,” says she, “I'll go out
and I'll milk the cow, and give vou a good jug
of sweet milk to drink, and that will take the
hunger off you till morning.”

He told her to get up quick and do it, or she
would find him dead of the hunger

And off she went as quickly as she could, and
took a jug off the kitchen dresser, and slipped
out, leaving Manas snoring loudly in. the kitchen.

But when Manas thought she had time to
have the jug near filled from the cow he alips
out to the oyre, and as it wasdark he talked ike
pe old man: “And,” save he, “I'll die with the

yest if vou don’t hurry with that.”

So she filled out the jug and she reached It to
him in the dark, and he drank it off and gave

day fixed for one big “round-up” of the
entire three counties representing the territory
that has suffered so severely as a result of the
depredations of the animal. If this ts done
the big hunt will present some Interesting

features, The three counties represent a
territory something like eighty miles square.
Yuma is the largest of the three and Yuma
and Washington counties have suffered most
from the ravages of the omnivorous beasta.

The reader can picture t his mind a vast
territory of sage brush and sand hills eighty
miles across either way. Then he can imag-
ine horsemen from all over the country ar-
ranged around the outer limits of this area.
At the start the hunters may he some distance
apart, but as they move in at a certain hour
toward one common centre they soon get closer
together until they flually meet. Every. two
miles of horsemen around the square will have
a captain who will direct all movements. If
the start is made at 6 o'clock in the morning,
the scene, if possible to encompass It within
ne vision of one man, would represent more
thanar ent of cavalry and more than one
thousand ounds dashing nearly all

ay across
the plains, forcing every living thing before
them a mixed mass cowboys, tenderfeet

eattle barons, millionaires, Eastern sports, and
withal a howling mob. If the start for the
forty-mile ride to the centre is made at 6 o'clock
in the morning, the forces from all four sides
ought to meet at the common centre before
sunset and perhaps little past the middle of the
afternoon
According to the report of a nephew of the
famous Kit Carson, who practically conducted
the hunt during the 803, the scenes during
the last hours of the hunts are never to be for-
gotten. Coyotes frightened out of the tall
grass at the approach of the oncoming hunters
run Hike sheep in a circle in the hope that they
may find a friendly outlet to freedom
result, by the time the horsemen and hunters
ot within two or three miles of each other at
the close of the hunt, they represent a corral
surrounding hundreds of coyotes circling In a
mad maas like so many frightened sheep.
The hounds are unleashed and the slaughter
begins. If there are 1,000 hounds they will all
be slaughtering on the outside of the herd of
coyotes, which will number nearly double what
the hounds will, Imagine 2,000 wild, fright-
ened, frenzied, maddened wolves, snapping,
yelping and hurrying in nearly every direction
after the circle is broken. The one that en-
deavors to pass the corral of cavalry is, dis-
vatched with a Winchester or a forty-four.
hose remaining inside the circle of hounds,
human beings and horses, are panic-stricken
biting each other, falling and safering death
in the mad scramble Pxcited hunters en-
deavor to uve thelr Winchoster
well as wolves suffer. When the fight is ove:
few have escaped, but the battlefleld is r
with the blood of the hounds and the wolves,
he battle on the occasion of the last apt lepted
‘or nearly two hours and scores o best

hounds in the country bit the dust

 

Asa,

and hounds as

there was something very extraordinary in
the actions of the dog, and that in his opfnion
they ought to find out the cause, his compan-
ions were of the same mind. and they immed-
iately set out with the intentions to follow the
animal whither he should lead them

“After they had pursued him some distance,
and found nothing, they became discouraged
The sun had set, and the forest was dangerous

 

they therefore determined to. return The
moment the dog saw then wheel about, he
began tocry with tnereased violence, and

coming up to the men, took hold of the skirts of
their coats with his teeth, and attempted to
pull them: toward the point to which he had
yefore directed his course When they stopped
again, he leaned his back against the back
vart of their legs, as ifendeavoring to push
hem onwardto his master. Astonished at

aa

 

, —_—
eC *.

A ee

  

APPLEBUTTER CAT STORIES,

Yellow Lion and Hedgehog 's Scribblings.

Copyrigh OOO, by MeClure, Phitiipsa & Ce
Hedeehow was always sertbhling, He eat
at tits desk in bis hese in the woods and wrote

sotoueh that he hardly stopped to eat his meda
He liad juille stuek behind his ears, and whene
ever he the of which would
make any of the beasts angry, especially Yellow
Lion, he wrote it down ona piece f birch bark.
For ink he used pokeberry Julee

Yellow Lion awoke one morning and found
& sign tacked to the door of his house by one
of Hedgehog’ = quills wn was writtent

‘Lion, Vou area big, vellow antmal

heht anything

“Who wrote that’ roared Yellow Lion, *%
ain no more cf an animal than he ls

Evervbody kuow. that Yellow Lion is very
proud, for he is the king of beasts. So Yellow
Lion went out and sharpened his claws on @

trunk ef a tree and started to wet revenge for
the name that he had been called. He had
not gone very far before he saw another plece
of bark tacked up to a tree by one of Hedges
hog'’s quills, On it was written

Lions, take notice. The quill
than the claw

Yellow Lion picked off the «ian and shook
it between his paws.

“The idea,” hesaid, “Thisisanineult. Just
let me find out who wrote that and there will
be an awful time in this jungle

He had only gone half a mile before he met
Big Flephant

‘Elephant.’
this’

Rig Flephant put on his glasses and picked
up the piece of bark and looked at it carefully.

“Sometimes,” he said, “I write in my sleep.
You know I used to write visiting cards with
my feet, and since I stand up when Iam asleep

is nightler

he roared, “whose writing ts

| maybe I write a little without knowing it. I

this conduct of the dog, they agreed, after a |

little deliberation, to follow him until he should
stop, The animal directed them directly
tohis master. They foundhim still living,
and after bursing the corporal as wellas they
could, they earried Grega@ to the fort: here his
wounds were dressed with the utmost care,
und such assistance was rendered to him as
proved the means of restoring him tofhealth.”

{' may be observed here that the
only thing that serves to save this
dog’s reputation from actual dampation is
the fact that the three men who accompanied
the animal were fishermen, even a dog should
not be held responsible for their stories,

Col. Gansevoort’s military papers have been
carefullly preserved by his descendants and in
their possession ts the original draft of his re-
port of this occurrence to Gen, Schuyler under
date of June 27, 1777, which is as follows

l am sorry to inform your honor that Capt.
Gregg and Corporal Madison of my regiment
went out a-wunning yesterday morning, con-
trary to my orders, It seems they went out
just after breakfast. and at about 10 o'clock
Corporal Madison was killed and scalped. Capt.
Gregg was shot through his back, tomahawked
and scalped and is stiil living, He informs me
that the misfortune happened about 10 o'clock
{n the morning. He looked at his watch after
he was scalpe He saw but two Indians, He
was about one mile and a half from the fort, and
was not discovered until 2 o'clock in the after-
noon. 1 immediately sent out a party and had
him brought into the fort, just about 8 o'clock;
also the corpae of Madison. Gregg is perfectly
in his senses, and speaks strong and hearty,
notwithstanding that his recovery is doubtful.

Col. Gansevoort makes no mention of the dog
and is particular as to the time of the scalping,
which we see is widely different from that given
by Dwight. Neither in other correspondence of
Col. Gansevoort’s in relation to this event is there
the least mention of any connection of a dog
with the finding of Capt. Gregg.

Dwight's narrative is a fair sample of how
fictitious details are interwoven to add imagin-
ary ojreng to a story powerful enough in its
naked an atmpve facts. Co), Gansevoort, with
the precision of a soldier and the instinct of a
gentleman, leta the truth suffice.

ICE CREAM SANDWICHES.

 

 

 

All Wall Street Baying Them Nowadays, to the
Profit of the Inventor.

The latest thing that the purveyors to the
gastronomic demands of the office boys, mes-
sengers and clerks in the Wall street district
are supplying to their patrons is the |ce cream
sandwich. It made ita first appearance during
A young man showed

up with a wagon and began to descant on the
value of his wares at the corner of Nassau
and Wall streeta. He soon had a crowd around
him, and the first man that tried an fce cream
sandwich bit into it gingerly. If was made
of two araham wafers and a slab of ice cream
between, The wafers were fresh and crisp
and sweet and the ice cream was good. Then,
too, it had the advantage of being cold in addl-
tion to being palatable. The cost of the sand-
was one, twe or three cents, according
to the thickness of the slab of ice cream

This new edible made such a4 hit that its fame
spread through the Wall street district the first

 

day and the young man who invented it did |

not have enough of stock to satisfy the demand.
The second day the brokers themselves got
to buying ice cream sandwiches and eating
them In a democratic fashion side by side on
*) sidewalk with the messengers and the

ce boys. All of the other ice cream and
lemonade vendors saw
classed and immediately began to sell imita-
tions. The young man held
trade, however, throughout the week

 

WASTE PAPER WORTH OVER 825,000.

Tarned Out to Be Valuable Bonds Thrown
Aside by a Careless Employee.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Aug. 4--When Milton G
Sanders went to hia store at 1024 Central avenue,
this morning, he began to unpack a lot of sec-
ond hand tools that he had bought on the pre-
vious day for $20. He unwrapped the pieces and

ew the paper upon the floor with a lot of
other waste paper tsedin packing. He noticed

the fine engraving on the top paper of one
thick packet, pe looking more carefully, dis-
overed that the packet contained bonds. He

ound there were $25,000 of bonds in all. He

that they were out- |
the bulk of the |

| connection

hurried to his lawyer, Richard Hingson, and
explain the case to him. The bonds were
gilt edged and worth more than the face value |

Inqu ry was immediately made and trom
the numbers the owner's name was learned,
He called at Attorney Hingson's office and
received the bonds. — Heis a prominent business
man of this city. He explained that he wus
rreparing to go to the Puris Exposition and
ud tuken out the bonds to see the numbers
He was in « burry and thought he had returned
them to his safe, but an employee had packed
them with the tools thinking they were only
waele paper He rewurded the finder and
will leave this week for Paris with the assurance
that his bonds ure now safe under lock and key.

 

How Mosquitoes Pester Canary Birds.
From the Baitimore Sun.

Owners of canary birds will receive a valua-
ble tip by reading this story,

A well-known educator of
city has for years hadas a pet one or more
of the songsters hung in cages about his house,
In the summer it is one of his chief delights
to sit on his front porch and listen to them,
Recently he noticed that two of his birds were
becoming droopy, irritable and very restless
and that little spots of blood mysteriously
made their appearance on the bottom of the
cage. He watched the canaries closely for
the next few nights and made the astounding
discovery that they were being nearly bitten
to death by mosquitoes, In speaking of the
affair he said

youths in this |

don't remember this.”

‘You are a foolish old elephant,” roared
Yellow Lion, and he bounded away so anerily
that he could hardly see, He almost ran into
Striped T fger

‘Pardon me,” said Yellow Lion, for he had
a great respect for Striped Tiger,

“Don't mention it,” answered Striped Tiger,
showing his white teeth. “What is this I hear
about your mane?”

“Name?” replied Yellow Lion

“Oh, well, it's much the same,"purred Striped
Tiger. “The same letters, You come with
me and I'll show you something that will make
you feel very glad.’

Striped Tiger winked at Big Elephant, who

| had just come up, and all three walked through

the jungle, Striped Tiger led Yellow Lion
toalarge rock on which was written:

“He has a mane which ts rusty. Ae needa
a hatreut.”

“This is too much,” roared Yellow Lion.

“Ha! ha!" laughed somebody away up ta

| the trees

Yellow Lion looked up and saw Little Monkey
swinging along the tree tops by his tall. Lit
Monkey had a cap on his head and a piece
birch bark and a quill under his arm,

“Come down!” roared Yellow Lion,

fe talked so loud that Little Monkey
scared, and let go his tall and fell to the grow 6
Yellow I.ion picked him up and shook him.
the piece of bark which Little eee pad
was written, “A poor innocent goat was 1 *.
Ask Yellow. Lion.”

“Now | have you!” snarled Yellow Lion
“I'll teach you to write such things an pu
them up on trees.” -

“Please, I'm only a messenger boy,” whims
pered Little Monkey , Redgenog wrote it.”

“I'll not eat you up!" roared Yellow Lion,
“if you will take me to your master.”

So Little Monkey led Yellow Lion to Hedge.
hog's house. Yellow Lion went right into
room where Hedgehog was writing at his desk.

“Hedgehog,” sald Yellow Lion, “you ve
pees calling me names, You wrote that

ad a mane—

h mE thought thet you had.” answered Hedg
og, in a meek little voice,

fle was sitting on a barrel before his desk.
and kept on writing as hard as he sv r 6
had sheets of bark all around him, and his
and face were all over pokeberry, ink.

“That was all rusty. It is false,” continued
Fellow Lion ~

aheye mane, looks as though {t were real,
repli Hedgehog.

Py ou said 1 ought to have a haircut,” added
Yellow Lion.

“Which one of your hatre?” aighed Hedgehog.
“Hedgehog,” roared Yellow Lion, “your e

has come. You miserable little——

“What did you say?” asked Hedgehog. “2
am hard of hearing.”

“Quilldriver,” thundered Yellow Lion.

With that Hedgehog moved the back of Mis
neck in such a way that all the quills which
were sticking behind his ears came out 4
arrows shot from the bow. They stuck in t
face of Yellow Lion and made him Jump and
aqueal and beg for mercy. Yellow L‘on ran
out of the place with his paws all over his face
and the tears running down his cheeks.

“IT may be a quilldriver,” said Aedgehog,
as he dipped a quill in pokeherry a “but
°

when I ani writing l cannot afford
by big, yellow animals.”

CAMPAIGN

 

PROPHETS.

 

Soon They Will Begin to Win Honor Away
From Their Own Homes.

Leap year, except at the end of a century,
comes once in four years and lasts 866 days;
the opportunity of the campaign prophet
comes every fourth year, too, but ft lasts a
scant thirty days during the period between
the appearance of the letters of acceptance
of the Presidential candidates and the formal
opening of the political campaign. A came
paign prophet, as this form of designation ts
understood among politicians, is a statesman
who, unfamiliar with the situation at his home,
travela to some political headquarters at @&
distance to tell, with great assumption of poste
tiveness, what he knows about it

His importance ts enhanced by the distance
from which he comes. Thus a Democrat came
paien prophet arriving in New York, say from
the territory of Oklahoma, has an opportue
nity the possibilities of which it would be dif-

fleult to overrate

“In all Kingfisher county,” he declare
“there isn't to be found a solitary Republican.
Every maniack of the 1,587 who voted for the

Republican Territorial Delegate two years
ago is dead against McKinley, and I have no
hesitation in making the prophecy, that the
Republicans will be beaten out of heir boots
in Kingfisher: were my name appears io
with it

On the other side a Republican campaiga
prophet appears at @ Re uiblican headquarters
or meeting place from Maricopa county, Arie
zona, perhaps. He ts surcharged with oonfle
dence in Republican suceess in that territory,
though neither Oklahoma nor Arizona has aa
electoral vote

“Take my word for it,” this campatgn prophet
declares, “there isn't a Democrat left fi lar-
leopa Even the Indians, who were inclined
to be partial to the Democratic narty four
years Ago, are now outspoken in their oppo=
sition, and if the election were to occur toe
morrow fit never does oceur to-morrow in
the schedule of the campaign nrophet “the
Republicans would sweep everything in sight
and I honestly believe you couldn't find a Deme
ocrat in Arizona with a searchlight’

Competent and sagacious campaign managers
attact) very little importance to the weirdly
sensational statements of casual callers at
narty headouarters. A well-informed | poll-
tielnn, fatniliar with the currents and pitfalls
of election strife in his loealitv, does not deal
in superlatives in the teport which he makes
at headquarters neither does he communicate
the full extent of his knowledge to persons
who happen to be standing round. He gives
neually to the man in eharve, or one of his
lientenants, a eorcise and detailed account

  

| of the situation as itexists and the probabilities,

as he understands then, of anv serious change.

| As a consecuence of this caution, the leaders

1 watched one of the birds narrowly for ,

along while and wondered why it kept hopping
from one foot to the other, | saw the mos-
quitoes in the cage, but it never entered my
mind that they were attacking the canary until
T saw a tiny spot of blood on the bird's leg
picked the bird up and saw that it had just
received a well-developed mosquito bite.

“The only vulnerable part of the canary
is the leg, where the skin is very thin and ten-
der and almost unprotected by feathers, The
mosquitoes appear to know the tenderness
of the skin and attack in such numbers that
in the eourse of time they conld seriously in-
ure the health of the bird by draining it of

lood. I blocked the game by draping each
cage with mosquito nettin My canaries are
now well protected and happy. 1 suffer so

Faueh my: mt from pwr that it is as-
onia not think of them in connection
with the birds before,”

|

| of the two political parties are generally able

in the vear of a Presidential election to know
some weeks in advance of the result what the
robahle majority in the chief States will be,
eaving always, of course, a few doubtful an
uncertain. Moreover, political leaders are

perfectly well aware that political etions
in the United States are decided by verv
little change of percentawe in the you f the

parties. ‘There is no tumultuous clean .weep
on either side. In the election of sec, for in-
stance, in which the disparities between the
two candidates were wreater, probably, than
they had been in any Presidential election for
certainly thirty years, nine of the States carried
by Hrvan eave him from between 58 and 41
per cent. of the total vote in each cast between
the two leading candidates, and seven of the
States earried by Mr. MeKinlev gave him be-
tween 46 and 49 ner eent. of the Joint vote,
these States ineluding Ohio, California, Indiana,
Oregon and West, Virginia But the campaign
pr phet makes no allowance for this. With
him one party mu 1 Waterloo. Thera
is no middle ground. He does not tolerate
the notion of a vesible close contest, but his
own extrava cof prophecy is his undoing,
for toward the latter part of September he ts
brushed aside and not heard of age > @msl
four years afterward

t meet

 
     

ns