eee eneneanee

eee Na tee

aeeusepess — Pe ee eee

OEE OL TT

 

 

f

Le A INE IR tr ET = geet ew

“

reer eonse

SAID ROR eee we

IE LS EE

a ter 6 ere it 8 REE Ore RR Ee ARE

Cae

eS RGR

ah ip Ra

a i ee

Pree Taek So

—

    

  

 

CASTELLANE’

ANNA GOULD'S HUSBAND, ASA WAGA-
ZINE WRITER, DISCL SSES BOXERS,

Associated With Phtlosophers and Academi-
clane as a Contribator to ' Revace Des Deak
Mendes ''~ Some Original Opinions on China,

Count Bon\face de Castellane, whose marriage
to a daughter of Gould has made his
name pretty well known to Americans,
the acene once more and ina new réle Count |

Roniface’s exploita of one kind and another |

have followed each other with sufficient rapid

Jay
ia on
|

{ty acd have been varied enough in character
to eliminate the possibility of any partioular
@urprive at what he might happen to be at
next. Yet his advent among the learnéd phil-

osophers and avade: ins, who to @ great @x-
tent make up the corps of contributors to M
Ferdinand Brunet isre's Rerwe dea Deur Mondea,
is not an event that was anticipated In the
August number of the Rerue, nevertheless, the
industrious young nobleman'’s name appears
with those of Alfred Foulllée, Charles Renolst,
A. Dastre and M. Brunetiére himself as among
the contributors

It is about “Boxers and Secret Societies {n
China” that Count “Bont de Castellane under-
takes to enifghten the world, Not that he has any
special information about the Boxers or about
Chinese secret societies, fle has never trav-
@lied in China and has never made a particular
@tudy of Chinese affairs. He haa talked with
people supposed to know something about the
subject, and he has read divers articles in the
newspapers particularly the English and Ger-
man papers—aince the recent troubles tn China
broke out. Aa explanatory of his sources of
{information and of his appearance upen the
Revue's learned rostrum, de Rontface
gaye

“Moat of the great political events which have
happened tn China were due, or attributed, to
secret societies, Conformably to this tradition
people have thought they saw in the recent
@venta in that country the hand of an assocta-

Count

tion, an organivation whose curious name
Roxers has latterly become sadly famous
Rut what ia this association, what, are these

Chinese organisations? This, fn the

f any dtrect information, it fs dimeult,

secret

absence
almost imp yasible, to know with any degree of
Tt can a later day tha
indeed

only be at

yhtalr if

certainty
we may he able to
ever got t

they are

the materials for a er

t
m-

ect which
‘

gether

plete and definite study of this sit

th itself mysterious. But
wity

:
had the ouris to seek out in the numerous
articles, conversations and letters published

f the leading cou
1 German

{e an the write ’

latterly in the newspapers «
in the Fr a) ah ne
*h aeemed to be

tries -particularty
newspapers those things whi
the most probable and the beat established °
With preface Count
Boni conclusions
about the Boxers have de |
veloped. In general terma his view of the
Bower uprising is that dt is not the movement
of anv parti h which
the Fmnrese might be able to treat, that she
might hold in check, and to which she might
Onnpose the Influence of the other secret so-

this explanatory
nproceeda to give the

that hia etudies

lar secret societv. Ww

 

eleties Tt ia not, in Count Bont de Castellane’s
view a movement so simple aa this. but
on the contrary, a formidable insurrectionary
movement, involving and carrving with [t
all the secret soctetles of the eontral region
of China, from’Chi-li to Pekin. and rallying to

ita standard theentire population, all infuriated |
Qgainet the Europeans }
“In unchaining such a ferce.” continues M
de Castellane “the Emit has been guilty
of a imprudence analogous to that of a Euro-
fan" Government which in order to main-
ain the domination of a certain party, or even
of inetitutions themselves. would makeanpeats |
to the anti-social for Anarchists or cols |

 

 

 

 

Jectivistea whieh at the present are multiply-
ine rapidly pretty much all overthe western
world. At this wame she runs the risk of de
@troying. not onivy her own individual power |
and dynasty, but even China itself. The Furo-
pean Intervention necessitated by recent events

cannot fail to end in a manner entirely different
from the interventions of the vast It ia very
improbable that it will result merely inthe
Testoration at Pekin of tofluences favorable
te the Oecident. The vers will require
the problem that
are likely te

 

more and the solutions of

one can foresee at this moment

be much more radical

      

The first solution suggested is the dismem-
berment of * Middle Fipire and its division
among the different western nations which
have clatmsto be met—ir covetous-

other words

perhaps but
iwland, Ger-
the views
ice wishes

statu

this there is

faa to gratify of
t desired by F

ittle chance
many and Japan it
either of Russia or
to pursue, under

ie the eco!

does not moe
of France

  

ees saenseeeeneee so

      

ussia has no reason for ishing a division
of China. A tradition_lof her diplomats is re.
ret for the division of Poland at the close of

the eighteenth century, w
defect that it was a div
Prussia and Austria were

hich had the essential

 

; ’
riven parts of a whole

   
 

  
   

  

 

 

 

 
  

   

     

 

 

 

   
 

   

    

  

 

  
   
  

 

 

  
  
 
  
   

 

  

  
  

  

 

S NEW ROLE. | asc Pheiratier ae die sect,

   

informed the Government, regarded himae
as the Emperor of China, He was @ learn
man named Chan, the enemy of the Manehus
and of the reigning house, and, on several oc-
cosions had shown himself before the peap
clad in yellow garments, in other words decked

out in the imperial colors

Here. then, la all that we know-— that a
functionary of the Pekin oourt ohar@ed with
the organization of an anti-forelan movement
had recourse finally in deapair of acoomplish-
ing hia object in any other way, to & gecTet so-
clety that was inimical to the relaning dynasty
and whose chief wae a pretender to the throne
The move vent spreading and passing beyond
the boundaries of Shantung Province, the
Chinese Government woke up to find that ft
had insanely put in motion all the seoret so-
cieties of the Empire, And thus the mass of
the people was awept away in the whirlwind

fre present agitation, therefore, seemar to
he the work of the secret societies In @eneral
It bears, in the current language of the day,
the name of ‘Insurrection of the Boxers,’ Al-
thongh there ja no reason for belleving that
there ia such a thing asa rociety of Boxers,

‘This insurrection ja defined tn two words
It a directed againat the foreigners of the Ocel-
dent and againat the forelg re from nearer
home against the conquering > anchurian who
has imposed his domination and his dynasty
upon bid China,”

After touching upon the fact that all the
Chinese recret socleties are practically but

  

beds of sedition against the reigning Manchu

dynasty and are always my {tating some future

evoltanda fostoration of the dethroned Minge,
de Castellan 7

e points out that in the
there is the curious « 0
of these societies for once enlisted on the side

disturbance
of the Manchu Government.

“The Boxer movement, so called,” he says,
“so distinctly anti-Accidental in character, is
no longer anti-Manchurlan or anti-dynastic

correspondent of the London Times, who
elgns himeelf ‘Shanghal,’ relates that, according
to the Chinese press, the bannners of the assocla-
tion bear the tnseription ‘PARE tive the eynaeky.
out with the foreigners.’ A Frenchm eon-
nected with the management of the railroads
of the Franco-Belgian concession from Pekin
to. Hankow oonfirms this information in a
letter to one‘of his friends that afterward was
srinted in La Liberté. The motto of the Boxers,

e saya, ts this: ‘Pao-Sing, Mie-Yang,’ which
means ‘support the dynasty: exterminate the
foreigners.’ .

The dynasty, that is to say the Empress
Dowager, could do nothing leas than recog-
nive loyal demonstrations like this. From
the very beginning the Furopean press has
taken note of the weakness of the Empress
for the Boxers. It should be borne in mind
that the movemect was organized in the Prov-
ince of Shantung bv the Governor, Yu Shien,
When Yu Shien waa removed on the demand o
the German Government (and it was a remova
maccompanied with any disgrace and to @
post of equal {mportance), his successor, Yuen
Shih Kal, serenely persevered in the same
line of conduct and his standing at court was
in no wise {mpaired by the fact. When the
impress was forced to give some appearance
of satisfaction to the foreign Governments
for the outrages at the beginning of the present
troubles she issued a decree against the secret
Rut this decree was worded in
terms and expressly excepted so-

their objects corporal

 

  

socteties
equivocal
cieties which had for
exercise and preparation for military service-
that is to say the athletic societies tw

believed and said that this exception covere
the case of the Boxers. This, it is true, does
not accord with the opinion above exzpreseed
that there does not exist any society of Boxers
But we believe that the exception in the decree
is only an excuse furnished by the Government
to all secret societies to which the proper argu-
ment for them to make, in casé@ quéstions arise,
is thus indicated. All they have to say, to
come under the exception, is. ‘Why we are
&} rnasts, acting together solely with the idea
of furnishing soldiers for the Government.’ ”

RAZOR STROPS.

Millions of Them of Many Varieties Made ta
This Country Yearly.

Razor stropa are made in hundreds of varieties
counting kinds, qualities, materials sizes, «tyles
and manner of finish. They are produced in
this country to the number of millions annually,
and American razor strops are exported to all
parts of the world

The very best of the swing strops now so
extensively uaed are made of Russian leather
Strops of this kind, with the very simplest sort
of mountings at one end to hang the strop up
hy and at the other end to hold {tt by, cost from
$i to $8? each. Strops of imitation Russian
leather are «old as cheaply as 50 cents. Fine
Russian leather wing strop» with silver mount-
ings range in price from $5 to $275 each

After those of Russian leather the best «wing
ravor strops are made of horsehide, of which
in fact a very large proportion of all swing strops
are made, Horsehide strops are produced in
great variety, genuine horsehide strops being
aold at from 25 cents to $1.28 each. Linitation
horsehide strops, made of cowhide, are seld at
various prices, from 10 cents to 75 cents each.
Swing ravor stropa are made also of calfskin
and of porpoise leather

Perhaps 5 per cent. of the «wing strope «old
consist of the leather alone: but the great ma-
of them, of whatever kind, grade or

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

      

 

 

 
  

       

   

 

  

 

   

 

 

re reimine | HOGANS AND THE BIG WIND

of a laboring family over near lawrence He
went on and on and finally he said something
like this, ‘Now, friends, if you'd only do like |
| these Hogans -,’ but he got no farther, for |

nearly thirty dirty, disreputable hums in the
crowd stretched their arins straight over their
heads and shouted

**Hurrah for the Hogans'

You see the hoboews >f eanght right on
to the idea that y ould not be muchin Lynn |

 

| date of its occurrence

| who knew The Hogans

| ry on the night of
his }

pe ee

    

ee

 

 

THE LYNN SECRET SOCIBTY AND ITS
ANNUAL CELEBRATION.

Branches of the Sectety Spread Abeat the
Country—tts Coantersign the Holding of
the Hands High Above the Head-How
Handreds of Hoboes Got Into the Order,
Boston, Aug.is, “The Hogans will celebrate

the night of the Big Wind this year with more

than usual éclat,” says a young Boston lawyer,
who i a prominent member of the order, “The

Hogans had its inception some ten years ago

in a meeting held at the bar of one Hickey, »

well-known ‘dispensorial citizen’ of Lynn,

Mass. Since then the reputation and power

of the order have spread from Lynn to Haver

hill, Lawrence and other shoe towns, to Bos-
ton, and even In far away ‘Frisco a man might

@0 among a party of tramps, suddenly exclaim,

‘The Hogans! and rare occasion indeed ff

some ragged fellow did not give the Hogans’s

counterstgn of throwing up his hands, namely,

holding both hands high above the head for a

moment

“This countersian was adopted owing to the
fact that in initiating a member into the order
of the Hogans, a high functionary makes ft his
business to apply to the aspirant a string of
questions calculated to draw out the latter's
views on polities, ethics and sociology, and
unsatisfactory replies, of which the unfortu-
nate candidate is bound to make many, sub-
Ject him to numerous ewats with bladders,
the functionary always being equipped with
4 brace of them. A man is bound to raise his
hands more or lesa to escape the rain of blows,
If he is moderately quick witted, he soon dis-
covers that the higher he gets his hands, the
less frequent the blows. Finally, with his
hands as far above his head as he can get them,
he finds that he has been led by progressive
object lessons to grasp the sign of the order,
which is a token of complete submission, ‘throw-
ing up the hands.’ ”

Organized, at the beginning, asmainiy a
social club of clever, fun-loving and congenial
Lynn citizens, the unique drolleries and capers
of the Hogans caused ita reputation to spread
much as did that of the famous Whitechapel
Club of Chicago, when, during the summer of
the Columbian Exposition, men from all cities
of the world, celebrated In the professions and
arta, thought their visit to the Fair not rounded
out unless they had left their names on the
register in the dingy little room in Calhoun
place. On the book were gathered the signa- |
tures of such as Henry Irving, Beerbohm Tree,
Max O'Rell, Robert G. Ingersoll and Coquelin
The Hogans became a power in Lynn and Hav-
erhill politics. If these towns have become
hotbeds of socialistic and other theortes, based
on the assumption that any man has as good
a right to agitate for the benefit of the com-
monweal as has his brother, it is claimed that
the social revolution is largely due to the pa-
rades and meetings of the Hogans, whereln
they have unmercifully burlesqued and held
up to public ridicule the foibles, falsities and
weaknesses of various politicians. In the
speeches of high Hogans officers have the
flaws of political ambitions been exposed and
on the banners of the Hogans parades have
effective criticisms of the local city govern-
ment been emblazoned

“Why, we had among our members,” says the
young } wyer, “some of the leading men. _ Ex-
Mavor msdell served for along time as Due

t -
I

undooof The Hogans and gained his firet poli
cal prominence from his leadership with us
don t know that I can better illustrate the sur-
prising sticeess that this order has had than to
mention an incident that occurred a few years
agoatthe time of the great strikes in Lynn and
Haverhill, There was a little, weazened, thin-
faced Yankee, named Russell, one of the kind
that wears a venerable clergyman's coat anda
silk tile It is not known generally, but is a
fact nevertheless, that immediately after the
strikers established a ‘commissary, asthey called
it, a central depot for supplies and provisions |
hundreds and hundreds of tramps, regular pro-
feasiona) hobos, descended on Lynn and Haver-
hill from all parts of the country. They got in
with the strikers as well as they could and hun.
to the neighborhood of the commiasary’ with
atenacity that knew no separation. A striker
of considerable importance and influence told
me afterward that It was these hoboes who lost
the strike. They mized in so that the general
public soon wavered in its support of the legit-
imate labor leaders and of course the lockout
had to miserably fail

“Well, ft was soon after the ‘commissary’ that
a hig meeting of striker@ and sympathirzers took
place and on the platform or in and around the
crowd were a lot of welkknown professional
strike visitors, people who make it a business

 

to go around and prate about ‘studving the |

workingman’ and all that, you know ady |

Henry Somerset, for instance, was one of the
old |

 

investigators from the superior plane also
man Russell He'd seen the point at once and |
didn't mean to get left in the hustle for socio- |
logical analvais They let him speak. after a |
bit, and he hobbled down in front and in « little |
piping voice began fo talk about economy. He
said if the laborer would be saving, he wouldn't
be so likely to get into strikes and such He |
soon began a long rigmarole about the thrift

 

   

    

 

that is, inthe inner eirele of confidence and |
respect, unleas you could prove familiarity
with this order. When they got the counter-
sign they worked it for all it was worth.

Through theae hoboes the Aogans have be
come Known all over the country, and L'il wager
that ye ildn't visit A tramp colony anywhere |
in the country without finding some coloniet
Though regular mer |
n good standing have instituted reputable |
lodges of The Hogans the towns around |
Boston and through various mill plants in |
New England, it's the hoboes who have been |
the heralds of {ts existence, so to say

(ur great annual demonstration takes
the Big Wind in Ireland.
settled as to the exact
and, therefore, in honor

bers

 

 

storic event is net

 

  

      

 

| ing this event we are not held down in the
matter of the day of month Sometimes our
annual takes place in November, |
’ n the fore of Decer h will he
' case thia vear We soaking
each member we can | bil

1, that is, that to |
all of which would hav tly w uality, consist of two parts; the leather strop |
Russia wanted for | elf tec. | and a atrop of corresponding dimensions of
torates that the hand can be best 4 : tt} potton or liner On cheap strops this part ts
one single move. pon a great empire tuesia
has substantia) traditions n tha lin Ir of cotton on the best atrops of whatever kird
Chinese Turkestan she had protestorates which | it.tsof the best Irish linen, woven in the form
were transfo 1 vers read nto direct | of a hose and then flattened into strop forr
posseasions. She has over Persia a practical | [here is a swing strop that is reversible. If
srotectorate in w ‘did t even have the face of the leather is cut in tse the etrop
> ask ¢] Ve of of 4 | attachments are such that the leather can read-
similar move on art at een ily be turned se is ane aaw ing stro » thar
! ‘ | . { ¥ i het ‘ . ; )
srepared al i Vane } ' us Up a) W shade ww attach-
Pike on of circumstances was occupying Eng- | ment fro h it swings on the wall
Jand in South Africa at inst the moment when | , Hand s the familiar two-sided and
this Chinese explosion came What vet. | four-sided strops, with a handle at one end, are
ousness, what hopes are at t wt hover. | made in very areat variety, including for ex
ing about Chit 4 ear of impruder vupl ‘ ing strops ne sort of which,
blind government we " to : emall in size <a handle that unse rews and
un on all sides-g tha e | ean be dropped inside a place made to receive
all the permanent elements rouble and | it in the strog
@estruction that the secret s eties for cer | Resides the hand strops of eolfd construction
turtes and centuries have bee erpetuating | With two or ir sides there are hand strope
in the empire of the Son of Heaven. The ob. | sides are compogsa of leather straps
ecure name Boxers is the s* f the evil 1 at either end ovet a supporting frame-
which one dav or another w cit} China work, which can be tightened by turning up
In reaching the « | 1 that there ie in | on the hand
reality no dist t soct hina by the name Hand str re sold at various prices, rangin,
{ Boxers, Count Tealface goes t s e | Ih cents fo See rch silver-mounted hanc
veth into U his 1 rather | str run up to $25 ear }
nickname, “Boxers fle finds at the outset Ry ho means every man that shaves himself
that there are: leas than three societies to | and has a razor etrop of some sort has also a
which this name has been led. and that | razor hone, or etone: as a matter of fact not
one of those aocie is div two ene man in a hundred, perhaps not one in a |
This last name tent the and, has one. There are men that hone
while the other two | +} own razors, using, rhaps, ai stone
*This,” continues M. de Castellane stifles | that eame down to them from their father,
certain degree of sceptics the entire | micht be from their grandfather
reer Chestio: If this eceentiosim is f wed | dst sean be bought, if one wants them
to the end. we AY reach the Iisi that hat way, in asiiver box. But aaa cule when
the ter Royer + readily applied to s ~ worms needs honing he is more than
mans lifferent ‘ t t ’ easor ike therm te the barber’+ so that the
that, prot king fiwe not he « ‘ e is rtually a professional imple
any one ' ilar “ ° ed almost evelusively by the barbers
called the “Boxers that kuropeans having (ff rator stones there are two general kinds,
been assanited and boxed by wh er insur- | almost all eof whi f both kinds, are tm
gents happeved ne ive assumed arbi- | ported, the water etones, as they are called,
trarily that their par ilar boxer were mem beeause they are used with water, from Ger-
m of one of the secret societies of which thes any and the oi] «tones, used with oil, and
ad had « e or of j d Relgian oil stones, from Belgium Same |
NE sole 1 little | barbers use one and some the other and some
as thouch French league | use bor Of course the razor stone is a very
were held re pris whieh important part of the barber's kit of tools
really care he people and | and he values a good stone highly. And a go
was due to eneral theur | razor stone is rather a costly thing
character 1 be in error German water stones cost from 25 centa to
as regards error as re- | $2 each and Belgian oil stones, according to
gorcs them t ey insisted that the term | the grit and quality, from 75 cents to $$ each,
7 ationalists was identical wit! erm ‘League | these prices being for stones from aix to fifteen
of Patriots” Let She ourselves then [| inches in length eg t-inch and ten-inoh being
to speaking of the agitatior i rection or | the sizes most commonly used
movement of the Boxers wit meaning ene nee
thereby any special society We will then he . ais .
on firmer ground and » av ke aoud TRICKS OF THR BARN STORUFR
euthoritv, and even fro ever ring
good a rites “ An Example of “to Pong " or Filllag ina New
Was brougtt t Part Not Fally Committed to Memory,
Tt began i e prov ‘ Sha “ I .
that province ther as reianed a viol lei- | One of the old slang phrases of the stage"
wren Gee ist 1 ehers ever since China = | said Muggles. who used to be a good acior
War with Japa hts » form frst 1 isuy ‘ .
fm the aseassina tion of on tio an Catholic mie was ‘to porg This means, or used to mean
sionaries. 1 » brought a the esxtablish- | using your own language, that ts, playing a
ment of a foothold Shant 4] part without cues of the proper lines rely ing
the Gulf of Pe aa result ' cues oF 1 ” per lin tes
the Enelish and t ds t e ipon a knowledge of the play to carry
re, for rhe. «t ‘ ‘ ment was ‘ throug) ‘ears ag n the road there
iled te cede to Germany K au tk - aed ’ e hight Indicroue situat
nd, Wei-Hai-We ite Russia Port Arthur | pee ig be ao
nd Taleo-wan : <“d a red ed | sem “now of a new i og8 produced
atred of the foreig « the people of 1 a rr he stag anager, however
ase air ' bociogy . ~ t a hadaw ferful ¢ for patching up a hit
hese oi mat ex ft t : ) 2 j
was aie » Bow ve | Wher « . ere necessary he would
Was it encoursged by Mcials of | sometimes lower a f scene. and tell the low
Chinese cou i Was so encouraged | comediar 1 ‘ naid to g© on. and
@eems to stand ont eariv it t} tervie Ww . ot
with Monsignor Anrer, the ’ re. ert rt ¢ a so, he would
Bishop of Meridional Ss | aryonge how tnx ae tO Ge continued
fr i Viet oourse actors are sup posed to help one
was afterward. repre ther out of a diffculty. but at times old
Times of June 9 Jaat ides were paid off For netance I remen.
‘ . Y] oovasion a letter td to be read
concessions made to } '
<r ny ( nfortunate his letter could
ya Bisho “r < ‘
says Bishop Ana sund) so a ‘dumr hat is ab a
that provinee ai View ae ab mk
Shien, to stir: an ; wae ee ss
arn & sas. dad‘ sail » tor Ww had to read
einer ‘ This } * the letter in s & Ane eres a letter
Anrer has a pe nha ¢ 45
se8 | you. YV« ‘ * read it s ourself
at one time w asla ame it * ne od w
being converted R aa od te Tas Conaeek: bad ¢
ever, react oo wae ee
ohu plied “No 7 ad I've siald 1
are to be a sy n°
© ordered $s subordinates ¢ hee a* ssid 7 . ¢ .
acts toward the forewners The ppy | 1 - ne. sald ’ ait yee badly
functionaries had no choice tt } and |< a ’ o e
they aceording!y «'irred t » t the The hatse lert
manner ordered. The pe led bat 4 cewing or
eebiy to these efoers ‘ meal Vt wt ben!
turned to the sa societies « his ‘ 1 . 4 " pet tee
and part ariyt Rieh s .. | aaa shone w
then he i find »s
his Wrede le neds ; | ‘ sion
« .
aMliatad me rs i ° wig ne} | ve ene
ces to stir up tros All ~ | walks of and t en °
in the mont! f Mav, June and July of last | gange ¢! : Sraie
his At this time B ra r warhed ’ "*Venalr, there's ‘ nthe theatrical business
o ne e ‘ ¢ - M ‘ 1 : uu 4 4 ss
Mdewe Government that the Rig Kaife sect | you outsiders never dream of."

 
    

We make the expense of our display ft accord-
ing to the number of dollar Williams we behold |
and as evidence of our stiocess in this, 1 will |

say that in our Lyna parades we have had
from two hundred to three hundred men in |
line We have a parade in the afternoor

At the head we always have a good band: the
Righth Regiment band has often played for
ns =6Then, proudly ahead of the clan marches
the chief ‘of the fo al lodge, officially known
as The Deputy Grand Old Man Near him js
the Pugapdco, or keeper of the official records
of the lodge. He wears a robe, a grain sack
over his shoulder and pen above his ear. By
his side is the Muckrata, or official chairman
of the Board of Trustees, the man who keeps
order. He carries anaxe. These are our princi-
pal oMcers, The offcers of the line are por-
ttoned out as befits the nurnber of men present
For instance, 2) men mean 199 offcers-of-1he—
line, This idea prevails owing to the fact
that as the rank and file of the marchers are
supposed to represent heroes of war and con-
flict, theee survivors would logically be offvers

Our banners always betras tt! incere
sentiments and at a recent lodge meeting asit
appeared that more members heid office or
jobs under Mckiniey's Administration than
was the case for whe corresponding year of
Cleveland's reign, we shal! inscribe our banner
this year with epithets favorable to McKinley,
It is by practical views of this kind that we
create actual influence ona voter. We look
at the business of supporting a candidate ex-
actly as it affects our order, and assume that

  

    

 

° publ w hould a gard ts own Inter. |
eats he ¢ it { this year, is for
NM. Kinley beoutuse re m™ hobs show up for him

\fter our parade we repair to our hall, where |
We iisten, among other things, to an address

pon the theme «
entirely burlesg
Ways have a sx
Irish history and
observati
the jecture, whi
half, come our o
The Hogans’ Goat

until his deat?

'

Fthe Bie Wind This |
by a good deal, for we a)- |
rly lecturer. who treats of |
folk lore and deals out pointed |

is not

    

he oon ational politics ollowing
consumes an hour and a
MMe MOTAtION services to
Aeribute to the a ]
Stew Vear ago. Was

   
  

 

 

The conclu@ing festures are the
Tees’ and a gener Lifleatior
be the matter of dew t woul
prop e toelabor those, |
gay that nerhate the wat know

 

and acid te ts The

  
     

hod
Qirite ihe ald of a friendly Fire Depar t
officer, and the victim has all his heresy washed
but of m he p gets throug!

Queer alenu * way
nm aA Wiysterious secret
When we held the

         
 
 
 

ittle chib where a few
gether, but some.

       

a ~et ond
politically n Lynn

yond and fun that we in-
duleed in, there came to be a basi« of genuine

political eeheming and we made it red hot for
& good many candidates, knocked them off
their perches and set wires going to give their

Fn ape agit wee

| Brought out to the light

| the port, t

 

hk na pee He

 

places to those we considered more rving,
fo have neVer stood for partisanship, bu
whooped it up for whomsvever we consider

the best man

“When Haverhill heard of us we had to go

  

 

over there and @ive an entertainment. We
eave one of the finest balls that had taken
place there in along time, That was the }m-
petus for a | e there and from that time
the thing has kept travelling, e have. ini-
tiated all sorta of people and b 1 kinda o'
members, A coupleof years ago We ad a

Chinaman, 1 remember, whom we cal Wa
Tin Pan. Then there was @ Hebrew bay
Moaki eae year we injtaved Pe, — eq
a genuine Paree-sian en

through his first degree he hopped around at
@ area! rate and in his excitement promounced

what is practically our platform
“Aha. 1- haf read fn dem Paree-sian @

newspaper zat zee Ahmereecan e¢8 #0 Cold
80 cold blooded, but | come here and 1hnd

eet ees not so, by gar. vou haf trouble for
me dees eefning make zat you hot enough
are for me, Dees a Hogans, eet ees hot, bol

hot, by ear.’ *

PARTIES IN MINNESOTA.

John Lind and © Swedes Against Kaute
Nelson and the Norwegians.

A Governor of Minnesota is to be elected
this year in place of John Lind, Populist Demo-
crat, who is @ candidate to succeed himself,
and for this office the Republicans have nomi-
nated 8. R. Van Sant, The term of United
States Senator Knute Nelson, Republican,
expires on March 4 next, and the Legislature
tobechosen this year is to elect @ successor.
The Republicans at their convention im June
committed the party by a@ resolution to the
candidature for the Senate of Mr. Nelson, who
was elected Governor of the State in 1892, his
colleague in Washington, Senator Davie,
having been Governor of Minnesota some
years before

In a majority of the Western States the
allegiance of which to the Republican party
and {ts candidates is otherwise undoubted
a familiar question of the canvass has been
“How will the German-Americans vote?”
it being a theory (though probably an erroneous
one) with many statesman in I}linots, Indiana
and Wisconsin that the profound concern of the
German-American citizens in those States
over the fantastic question of “imperialism”
ao far outweighs all other considerations that
they would be willing to discard them if con-
vinced that “imperialism” was at stake. There
are a considerable number of German electors
in Minnesota, but decidedly fewer than in any
of the neighboring large States, the total being
about one-half as many as in Wisconsin and
one-third as many as in [llinots, The Minnesota
Germans, who are most numerous in St. Paul,
are by no means the chief element of the forego
voting population in the Gopher State, and
they do not maintain usually any separate or-

anization, bei overshadowed in litical
faportane> by the Scandinavians, who out-
number them in the proportion of about two
to one

Properly speaking, Swedes and Norwegians
are the only Scandiuavians represented in the
yoting population of Mianesota, for there are
few Danes or Finns, and of recent yéars the
Swedes and Norwegians, who are very evenly
divided, heve not often acted together as they
did formerly, the Swedes bejng inclined to
the Democratic rty and the Norwegians
being generally publican. The inclination
of the Swedes to the Democracy, however,
is not on litical go much as on personal
grounds, Mr. Lind, the present Governor,
was the Democratic candidate for that office in
ise and was defeated by a very #mall majority,
although the State went overwhelmingly for
McKinley. Heis the most conapicuous Swedish
leader in the State, and when ran a second
time for Governor in 1808 he was elected, though
all his colleagues on the Democratic ticket
were defeated by their Republican opponente.

As strong among the Norwegians as John
lind is among the Swedes is Knute Nelson,
whom the Republicans are supporting be |
reelection to the United States nate, a
in this year's contest in Minnesota, therefore,

 

the Scandinavian vote is aplit squarely in two—
one detachment of it being Democratic and the
other Republican, It os this circumstance

which has been held in many quarters to make
the State, otherwise Republican, doubtful
thie year, and political uncertainty ewes
it has been inereased by local conditions whic

may be said to have no parallel in other Ameri-
can States. The real question at issue there
appears to many toturn on how the Scandina-
vians have been Republicans, and it {s thought
that there are many Swedes who, while voting
for the Democratic State ticket, will vote for
the Republican national ticket in Minnesota.

MONSTERS PRODUCED TO ORDER.

Horrible Trassformations in Haman Beings
by Chinese Experts.
From the Morning Oregonian.

From time to time the Chinese authorities
by official proclamation warn the people of
the country against child thieves. In Europe
children are often stolen by strolling mounte-
banks, who, by a process, make
them supple and expert In China monsters
are often made of them

To transfer a man into a beast would at
first seem to be impossible. It is aceompliahed,
however, by the Chinese, to whom nothing
seems to be unknowr The skin is removed
in small particles from the entire surface of
and to the bleeding parts bita of the

disjointing

the body

hide of living animals, bears and dogs, are
usually applied The operation requires
years for its full aeeonplishment. After the

has had his skin completely changed
and becomes 4 man-hear or a man-dog, he is
made m complete the illusion, and also

to deprive him of the means of infarming the

person

ite ft

  

   

put he is intended to amuse of his long
torture

A Chinese irnal, the Hupe prints a de-
scription oue of these Numan animals ex-
hibited in the Kiangsi Hits entire body was
covered with dowskir tle stood erect, ak
though sometimes the feet are so mutilated
that ‘ast is foreed te walk on aj) fours,

could utter articulate sounds, rise and sit down
in short, make the gestures of any human
being
A Mandarin, who heard of this monstrosity
had him brought to his palace, where hia hairy
skin and bestial appearance caused quite as

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1000.

ih terror as surprise Upon being asked
if he was a man the creature replied with an
affirmative bod He also signif bal n the same
manner that he could write 4 pencil was
given! d not use it, his hands |

   

were «o de Ashes were then placed on
the ground in front of him, when the man-dog
leaning over traced in them five characters
indicating his name and country

Investigation showed that he had been stolen,

prisoned for years and subjected to long
tortures. His master. who waa condemned to
death, testified during the trial that barely
one in five failed to endure the process of skin
changing He practsad it according to a
traditional and, doubtless, old formula

The Chinese have another still more horrible
method of monster making. They know how
to graft a child on an adult in imitation of nat-
ural teratology. The operation is on the same
principle as that of skin g@rafting. The cir-
Culatory systems are brought into close con-
tact by means of deep wounds According
to @ note of Conan!) Cinarti, the Chinese are
ekilful in performing sueh experiments on

  

animals. They delight in giving chickens the
feet of ducks, and putting cocks’ combs
on the heads of ducks

Darkness alone. it seems, is sufficient to

make a curious spectmen of a child, especially
if a certain kind of food is given to it, and its
vocal cords are made useless 4 living Buddha
was made in this way and exhibit br the
bonres to their congregations. This child
after years passed in absolute darkness, had
become as white as wax. He had been obliged
to remain motionless in the posture of Buddha
unul his muscles had become rigid. No one
had ever spoken to him, and he hed grown
in his cellar as a fungus would have done
this mute, blinking,
living Statue was eageriy worshipped by the
credulous .

At Shanghai, shortly af
ere Was

the opening of
on exhibition a monster

 

whose enormous head. with its lo hair and
; mustache, was that of a person of 30, while
; the body Was as «mall as that of a child of 2
This marvellous result had been obtained

br placing the victim. when a child, in a jar,
from which the head alone protruded this
arew abnormally large, while the body remained
Stationary in its narrow prison house

WERENT PLAYING CRAPS.

» | Newsbors Pretended They Were So as te Rave

Water Thrown on Them on Het Days.

A crowd of downtown

a novel plan to during the hot
weather last week. Every day while walking
through William street near the printing e-

tablishments one could «ee about a dozen
youngsters bunched tegether with their heads
ent near the sidewalk (ne of them was
always rolling a pair of dice One of them
was asked why the dice were not passed along.

newsboys hit upon
keep cool

He explained that they were not shooting
rap Dut just waiting for a pail of water”
to come down from <ome windew above and
cool them off. and <ure enough in a short time

 

the water came downr.and the bers, instead of
swearing, yelled for more, which they soog
gr Ru creve then re yor down

@ blieck and at every ce stopped
they received a dousing. * ”

AROUND THE WHIST TABLE.

WHIST STRATEGY AS SHOWN IN THE
MANAGEMENT OF TRUMPS.

 

Systems Used at the Last Congress ~ The
Winning Principles — Critical Sitaa-
tlons in Tramps Cases When Not to
Win With Tramps — Specimen Hands.

Among the most interesting of the many
points in whist strategy which were discussed
at the tenth congress were those relating to
the management of trumps. Judging from
the variaty of systems employed, all designed
according to some theory of the possibilities
of the trump sult, this ts still a large subject,
and capable of results which have not been
reached so far, Systems which were intended
to show the number or strength of the trumps
in the hand by variations in the plain-suit open-
ings did not seem to be in favor, probably be-
cause all such methods necessarily introduce
irregularities in the leads, which must be more
or less confusing to the partner. The followers
of the force-me and dont-force-me leads and
discards were very few, and there were only
one or two teams that used the system of fol-
lowing the fourth best with a lower card only
when they were willing to have the partner
lead trumps.

The winning principles in the management
of the trumps seemed to be: leading them at
the right time; exact information to the strong
hand as to the number held; stopping when there
was some evident advantage in the position
even if {t required a refusal to return partner's
trump lead to do so; getting the first force on
the strong hand; and, refusing to win the second
round when you cannot also win the third.
There were a great many interesting hands
at the congress which illustrated these princi-
ples and in many cases the examples were
emphasized by striking differences in the num-
ber of tricks made with the same cards. Some
of these trump-situation deals were rather
ticklish affairs to handle and kept the players
@uessing as to the best course to pursue, Some-
times the course selected would make little or
no difference in the result, and then again it
would win or lose five or six tricks

These hands which are capable of being
handled in many different ways are always
the most interesting, expecially when the doubt-
ful point cannot be decided by any hard-and-
fast book rules, but muat be left entirely to
the judgment of the man who quides the play.
The competition among the experts on these
hands is very much like a race among the new
one-design claas of 70-footers, when each man
knows that his boat is exactly like all the others
and that if he comes out ahead he can congratu-
late himself on having managed things a little

better.

As an example of critical situations in trumps,
take the Tollowing al, which is No. 6 in the
Minneapolis pair, contest on Friday afternoon
Z dealt and turnéd the five of hearts.

[a ae BI 2

 

 

 

reves] 60 | 40] ag! 60
Bere) SO Ko} 90) 100
Bonsesees| Be 360 2¢@ je
199 Igy |93 |oe
Bee) OA 'oK |94 (97
Giue| QQ a2 | 80] 706
1 8o\/#)s |219 a9
8 4e/45 ak
se 45 BA

ee) 10¢ 76

i¢6 Q¢@¢ 95

29 (#8 (47

| A®@|\|slIO0 | 66

: A and B get six tricks.

Trick 1. If the singleton is opened. as it was
at some tables, a t deal depends on Y's
pDiay and his idea of the situation. If he reads
the ogede five as opened from aA long suit, and
therefore avoids it, he will have nothing else
to lead trumps for and will bably try the
supporting jack of cubs. lf Z finesses this
card, as many bad players do. A will get a
chance to open the diamonds and B will return

 

 

| trump.

 

9.2 or ® I1fQd the
Z's hand, out if Q 0, the

but did the leader hold
en was the only one in
le with Z
Trick 5. Thie is the fatal error If the ten
waa the only club in Z's hand he ean rufl this
trick and perhaps lead agother trump. As it

would have won. If 4 has tov nore elite
ve has one only, and ¥ could well afford to tiek
passing thiatrick But ¥ waa ao confident that
A was short in trumps when he opened a short
@uit, that it seemed easy to ruff in and draw all
the trumps, a mistake which cost six trick«
Trick & | Another illustration of the position
spoken of in Tne SUN two weeks ago, when it is
too late to force. The long trump and the e-
t blished clubs are marked against Y, and he
should have led the unknown sull, spades,
which would have saved a trick
Several pairs had the chance on this hand to
get Just enough to make them top score and
aive them one of the mucncovetet buttons, all
of which goea to prove the truth of the Chinese
roverb that the gods cannot help a man that
oases opportunities.
There are quite a number pf jnteresting trump
problems in this deal. If Y leads the high
rumps first, aust three rounds imme tately,

Sac

he does not exhaust A as he thinks he will, but B
will start the club sult just the same, after win-
y the third round of trumps with the jack

will then have very pretty wition presented
to him, in which he will have to pass the second
and third und of clubs, so as to exhaust the
suit in the hand of the player with the long
This would force A to ruff the Gia-

lead ne up to Z's tenace, and if

diamond to

onds an
eh kept lead to his partner,
f and Z would get eight tricks, or four more
DP
«

than in th ay iven, but still two lesa than
w i Y passed the club at trick 5

It ig an old maxim that in the majority of
cases In which you have four trumps only, it
will pay to refuse to win the second round un-
lesa you can winthethird. Inthe progres-

ve aire 00 day afternoon there was aceal,
No, 2, which fllustrated this point in a rather
ere is the play at one table,

striking manner

 

 

   

 

 

the five of hearts turned:
race. | AT Be
Liuwe| 26! Qe! gel oe
Barocccee J@ | 3@/43
B..u0/98 |97 (92 | oe
Fue (98 |\94 (46 (04
Bai eiseee a2 8o| 8°90 J°
‘+2a go |48 |95
‘| Qs vio | 106/98
| 86) 80] Sf 4°
bevccees] @O147 | oe 5°o
BO. sssoee| 20);409 | Za! 98°
Bins OS #410 | Be 70
Mow l ee [od Ag #65
B....../8K (| 8Q | Ko: aA

Y and Z get three tricks only.

Trick 1. Short-sulters would lead the queen
of diamonds from this hand as a feeler, to see
whether partner could protect that suit. Then
they might go to trumps or they might not
There is no necessity to rush to trumps, as B
may have only the ace and the king be on the
left. If the second diamond {s led, K will re-
speed by coming back with his weak suit, the
clube, This confession of weakneas in clubs
would prompt A to try the spades and would
tend to keep him still further from the yee.
The rest of the play would be interesting: An-
other club from B, won by Z, would probably
drive Z to trumps, and after winning the second
round Z would have to lead a club in self-de-
igace, giving A-B six tricks, 1f B should return
the spade instead of continuing the weak clubs
at trick 6, the result would be the same.

rick 3, Passing the doubtful trick and
discarding a club shows Y two things, four
trumps and probable atrength in diamonds
7 having four trumps himself, and protection
in Z'a weak sult, naturally leads trumps.

Trick 4. This is one of the positions in which
we find an g2cepion to the rule of coyerin

w

second han th one of the second an
third t. You cover to protect yourself
{in unknown positions of the cards, but
jn this case the position of the ace is
known, because it cannot be with Z, who

would return it if he held jt, so it must be be-
hind A and it 1s useless for him to cover, appar-
ently. The play gives Y his opportunity to
refuse to win the second round of trumps when
he knows that neither he nor his partner can
win the third. Z cannot have every queen or
ack, ause with the queen he would not
ave played the king and withthe jack he would
Not have returded the smal! card. Both those
honors are therefore against Y, and even if
he should catch one of them on this trick, the
other would be against him.

Trick 5. All that Y can do now is to stop
the trump lead, and try what appears to be
his partner's suit or open his own suit, The
sequence is the better play, because it is always

| @ good lead, and it js only a guess at a discard

the spade. Another diamond and a trump |
lee from Y and ¥ ts fo giving A—B six
OKs

ning. Y does not put u

from king and one small,
because he wishes to preserve every possible
Teéntry to bring in the spade suit. This is a
very common reason for making an exception
to the modern rule of playing king second hand
on a small card led. even in plain suits. “Cav-
endish,” when asked about this play of the king

On the diamond o
the king second han

second hand from king and one small, used to |

sav “ln trumps ever; in plain suits never.”
Trick 2. Z covers with the imperfect four-
chette. It {s hardly worth while to take any
notiee of such weak fourchettes as this, e«-
rectally [if you are playing the trump signal
»metimes covering a nine will prevent a deep
nesse, however
Trick 8. If Y now leads the trump, with the
diamond suit against him, there is not much
danger that his partner will be put to a guess
as to which of the black suits he is leading
trumps for, because Y's trumps are such that
he must be in the lead himself on the third
round. He leads a small spade, even with six
of the suit, because he has lost his reéntry and
must keep reéntries in the euit itself The
stnall card is also more likely to encourage his
partner to go to trumps {f he has anything
worth leading them for
Trick 4 Partner showing the spade sult
and having the club himself, Z sees that they
have the best of it in the plain suits, so he goes
to trumpe. A covers with another little im-
perfect fourchette. Y's play in trumps is a
good example of making it ener for the partuer
With K. J, X he would not finease the jack,
therefore he must hold the queen and aa he
does not echo, he cannot have four trumps,
therefore he held K, yg, J alone
Trick 6 4A now reaps the advantage of his
partner's having returned his sult immediately,
getting it cleared. ¥ is in a ticklieh position
if he ruff<, what will he do next? He must
elther risk everything on @etting his partner
in with a club, 80 as to swing his last trump,
or he must abandon all hope of his long suit
and force Although he knows there must
be two trumps fn one hand against him, he pre-
fers to pass
Triek 7 Aa this is the losing trump B might
as well make it B has no choice but to lead
the club, as Y must have the ace or none
Trick & Here is another trump situation,
thistimefor Z If he leads the trump, the long
trump and the diamond must make, and he
thinks it better to try to make his own and his
partner's trimpa senarately and to hope that
A will make the mistake of allowing himaelf
to be over- trumped, or perhaps, trying to drop
the trumps. Z cannot tell that A has no more
spades
Trick 11. A now gets @ trump situation to
think about. If he attempte to prevent the
adversaries from making their trumps separate.
ly by leading his last trump, trusting his part-
ner for a stopper in spades, he never makes
another trick a
Many persons would object to passing the
winning diamond at trick 6 but the theory of
the play is undoubtedly correct even if it did
pot gain anything on this particulardeal. flere
2 af ijlustration of a very similar pos!tior
{n which refusing to ruff a sure winning ca
second hand would have saved just six tricks
The deal was plaved in the open pairs on Fri-
dav night and the position came just right
for several players, but none of them took
advantage of tt. Z dealt and turned the nine
of hearts

  

 

¥ and Z grt four trieks only
Trick. |. This

 

ts is fet a good opening from
such 4 hand. becouse it convewe ta the Larter
an impression of general weakness when the
hand is mally very «trong A emall duh would
be much better Y follows the correct prino-
ciple in covering the tack with the ace when
holding both ace and queen second band, which
is the only way to make beth those cerde. To

 
 

play the queen second hand ix to finesse against |

our partner, becauee if the king is in third
and you throw vour queen awey, and if your
Beiter has the king he an attend to the trick
Rither play ace or paes the Jack altogether
Trick 2. With a ruff «taring him in the face
and a short <uit opened against him. presuma-
bly indicating weak trumps, ¥ n taht heve led
his high trumps first «0 a= to be sure of three

nds
ok 4 The inference made on this trick is |

the key to the that follo The
bn fo Baown fe be bed by a fourth beat planese

2A EE I nt AER ates EN TOIT, 5) hd caamis

that makes Y think his partner is strong in
diamonds, As the cards lie, it does not mat ter
what Y leads, as A must get in, draw the trumps,
and make all the spades, B stays off this trick,
because ha wants A to get into the lead, he
being marked with the best trump. It is very
important that B should not stick his nose into
the gare at this stage, or he will spoil the whole
hand.
tenace on the return.

Now look at the difference in the result if ¥
has the courage to follow the rule and refuse
to win the second round of trurnps:

 

 

Se ete fT oe
Baesseeee! 20| Qe ase! ce
Bi) JS@) Ke 3¢@ 63
—
oe .j/98 ;o7 92 2K
Srreervre OO 'S9 (46 54
5 #2 60 |as «4a
2K 47 | 90 85
°Q GA | 100,05
44 | £2 | Be 406
2, (410 | Fe; B80
8@ 910 96 66
4@ a9 ioe 70°
ah
2¢ 896 Ko Jo
Qo 30} Ad/|98

Y and Z get nine tricks: a gain of six

Trick & Unto this point the piay isthe same
etcept that Y refuses to win the second roun.
of trump. With two trumps marked in one
hand agai st him, ¥ starts bis own suit, which
is better than trusting his partner's discard
Z must cut bis ace on the queen, so as to
unbloek, beca. se his partner niust have had a
good suit of clubs to justify his trump lead
with the whole spade sult against him Noth-
ing can be lost by playing the ace and return-
ing the emall card as the king would certainly
have gone up second hand if B held it a

 

Trick? A thinks he must dron two trumps
for one and leave himself with the best) Cane
Ward would have undonbtadiy thought thie

a good time to shift. and he would have faved

a trick by if as two tricks can be made}
1 cs d In the
diarnond «uit if it is led now a
The difference in the result, «ix tricks. k oke

like a wood price to pay for the violation of si h
a simnole principle az refusing to win the second
round of trimps. Those six tricks would have
gone a lore war toward making high score in
a fame which was so closely ¢ ested that a
very «mal! plus would win it. Some may ob-
fect that there fs a good deal of luck in such
harda as these. a great deal depending on the
oaition being made for you by the way the
and is onened against you. The hands are
fair enecimens of the kind found at every whist
con@rese and if von think you would not make
the errors here nointed out. you had better he
on hand rext wear at Milwaukee. and you will
have all the chances You want
OUR PROBLEMS
In the following position, hearts are trum
and N ix to lead) With 8 for @ partner lind

 

 

2

 

Farmer and Barre! Went Up.
From the Baltimore American

CARLISLE, Pa, Aug 15 —Farmer Jonas Hertz-
ler is ‘ying ser ou-ly injured at his home, near
Shepherd-town, as the result of being blown
up by ‘he explosion of an emoty whiskey bar-
rel. He had purchased the barrel, and on
@etting home fourd th» side bunghole of the
cask too «al Hexting an iron rod to white
heat, he sat astride the cask and began burn ne
the wooed arouns the pole. Suddenly there wae
a Violent expios on and Mr. Hertzler was hurled
hig) in the alr with the fragments of the barre

 

When asmstance reached him he was found to |

be severely injured internally with numerous
cuts and gashes on his face and body. Re may

me The explosion was beard a mile

 

Jae we he would have led a low spade and Y's |

Even if A cannot win this trick, B lies |

 

     

| OVERHEARD ON THEPIAZZ\

AINDILY WORDS FROM THE HELIF 19g
THE NEW YOUNG MAN,

Lures at the Sammer Motel for the Mascaling
Arrival-The St, Loals Grass Widow ang

the Girl That Tambies Out of the Ham.
mock-The Case Stated With Pxacinens,

The belle of the High Peak Hotel tilted pep
green parasol over er shoulder and «riled
tenderly upon the young man who had arrived
the evening before. She had risen early ang
tipped the head walter to @ive hitn a seat at
her table. Then she had assiduously paseod
him things until they had become acquaintad,
Now she had him corralled ina corner of the
piazza and was encouraging him with a few
kind words

I suppose it's awfully warm in the eitee
she sald It always ia this time of year, Bug
it's been cool here right along We have to
have blankets nights, and except in the middle
of the day, when it's warm everywhere, we
ean't complain. T've been here since the Incg
week in July, and I've had a lovely time The
mountain air is so bracing, don't you thy x?
Or perhaps you like the seashore?
euch a relief to met away from society and the
dressing and all that) But maybe you ¢o cut
a areat deal and care for that sort of thing?
If you do there's life enough here, of
that is, if you care for it; but tt's not abit hae
the seashore Up at the Top Noteh Hioise
they have hops ¢wicea week and there'sagrea,
deal of gayety~ if you like to keep on the go al
the time, *

“Oh, mo, not atall. lecame here for a rest

“That's what I think is the thing one ouehe
to do in eurnmer, What's the use of keer
up the endless round of dancing and dres.
and all that? Do you dance? We're g
to have a barn dance here Saturday night,
I'll give you a waltz or twolf you like. Were
going to insist on the men wearing weir dre.s
suits, IT think it's a mistake when men come to
the mountains to allow them to think they caq
dispense with all rules and formality, doen't
you? Besices, if they wear the ordinary tings
it looks so odd fora girlto putona low-necked
frock. And if we can't wear our low-necked
gowns at adance when can we wear them?

Quite 60,”

“L see you looking at that watery-eyed blonde
over there with the blue worsted shaw! Done
act as though we're talking about her Hal
Ha! Ha! I just laughed so she'd think you
told me some joke, Well, she's @ grass widow
from St. Louis. Bhe's got diamonds and she
never takes them off, and she poses as being
very ill with nerves or something. I dont
know whether the diamonds are real or not,
but it’s disyusting to see the way she flaurvs
them. She's got that brassy Western way
with her. See now how she's staring at us?
Ha! Ha! He! And she talks with that evere
lasting yawp, yawp, vawp. And sing. Well,
you should hear her sing. It's something
weird. She has one swell gown with Chicaxo
written all over it, and she’s worn it three times
ip the one week she's been here. And she has
@ flirtation with the head clerk. Fancy a hote)
clerk. He tells her when any new man is ax.
pected, and that's why she's got the lace shirt
waist and the gold belt on. She knew yuu
were coming!”

"Oh no!"

“it's a fact. Shefancies she’sa sort of vil!
beauty and wears a flower in her hair and resda
poetry, but once you've seen her eat corn off
the cob you'll give up thinking her a frail, white
snowflake. The way she stares at us! tia!
Ha! Ha: Formy part 1 think @ woman ought
to be womanly, don't you?”

Very true, indeed

‘But one meets such queer people at these
mountain hotels. Now, there's another case
You see that girl in the hammock down there
across the lawn? Rightoverthis way. Well, ) ou
can seeher feet. anyhow? See those two polka.
| dotted, high-heeled protuberances over ‘he

edge of the hammock. She always manages

to keep them in view. Sometimes
| out of the hammock and waves her feet in the

air— honestly-—just because she wears 2 As ard
wants ever) bod) to know it.”

“Married?

Well. she seems to havea hushand. Por
man! That is, Lsuppose, he’s her husband She
wears @ wedding ring. But, dear me! They
are so affectionate in public Uhat it's very s.—
picious. He comes up every Friday night with
baskets of fruit and candy and things—regular
property husband. you know. She meets him
at the train and they're in ble until Mon-
| day morning. Well, once the train is safely

started and they've thrown kisses as |: bg As
it's in sight, she goes about with two boy « from
the Alibazam House mere children—and they
act perfectly disgraceful. Really, somebody
ought to tell her husband. They sat up on
the back piazza the other night until 2 o'clock
and keptevery one awake singing songs and in
the morning the cook found eight empty beer bet.
tles and a lot of cigarette stubs on the grass °

\'d like to meet her.”

“Oh, you can meet her easy enongh She's
looktogw up now through the hammock with one
eye and | wouldn't be at all surprised if shed
do her great lofty tumbling act in a moner'
Now remember if vou go over to pick her l
shall be very much offended. 1 wouldn't mid
if it was an accident, but it's only a trick, ad
a very old trick. Of course, if you like 4 e'rl
| like that, it's different, But 1 didn't tmagine
; You were that kind of man' It’s all a matter
j| of taste. of course. but 1 hate a married women

that goes on that way with every man that

comes along and then acts like a turtie deve
when her husband comes on the scene

“It doesn't seem just right, does it

I should say not! Of course, some atr's
have to make those violent efforts to get arr

attention and they f

Weill, ir'e

 

CO

z
4
é

ee

she faa

 

 

hecome positively unfer

inine in their anxiety to appear to be popular
But there are others’

“Oh indeed, yes!”

“The only man at this hotel that ian't married

and, of course, the married ones don’ nt,
and their wives don't give you a chance for two
words of conversation with them-—is that

   
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

pale, sickly, interesting looking chap reading
the book under the tree Well, he looks o]
right, doesn't he? But what 4 u think?
He can't speak a word of Fnglish’ Isent ‘9
town for a Sp sh dictionary the 4 after
| he arrived and I learned just a few words that
} meant ‘good morning’ and ‘good ever na {
} ‘how do you feel today’ and T tried the n
} t at breakfast: but [ suppose I didn't pre-
nounce them right. for he only shox « head
j and said something in Spanish He i+ here
| for his health and he has bottles of some sort
| of mineral water at the table Do rou knox
; I think it is horrid at these places that they
| begin to have a wretched table along i'n Aug )s"
Now we've only had cantaloupes twice
and my sister writes me from the city that! ev
| are dirt cheap Then if you ask for f

For my part!
fortable homes
Of course

anything it's always out
wonder what we leave con
for and come to these place

 

there's the air and golf. Do you golf? Isr't
that nice’ No, Idon't play, but Pam fust ds 8

 

| to learn. I feel that I could learn easily w''
|} an intelligent teacher I learned (ierman
two weeks It's very interesting  (
pshaw' I've dropped my book’ Thank +
oh, thank you so much! I'm fust reading
Do von enjoy reading? Have vou read (>
Vadis’ and ‘To Have and To Hold” Thev'ra
perfectly eweet, I think I am pas¢ ¢
fond of books. Books and the opera I t
you think Jean de Reszke is div

“Very fine artist.”

“I suppose rou see all the new plar<? De
you like Mande Adams? And Mrs ( arte
Everybody save I look like her because | *
my hair pompadour. My hair ien’t her «

 

 

 

; exactly. Ien't it dreadful to have red

| Of course you'll say ‘no’ becanse you feel rol

| have to, but I don't mind I like the tr
Why the other night a_youne man from Syree
euse that I met at the Top Notch told me I had
tuwertsh eves. I wasn't offended Whats the

 

 

use? [I suppose he referred to that vel ows
| tint in the browr Of conree I ean’ he the
| color of mr eves nor my huir any ' re [
lean help men staring at me. There ‘
} will be girls that men will stare at and $

t don't votice don't rou thirk

( ‘t mind what people sar a t

looks. Would you think I weuhed i te

] wus weighed in the village. [ know I dort

He’ Ha’ It amuse me to ee those w
watching us Suppose we «tr
Inke = There's a coo! piace ther where one
an sft and watch the water

) ich I

 

“Oh, thank you very mn
It's onl a step. There's a love view of
the other shore As I was saying meee
ich queer people at T 1 ‘
like very

 

thee tll ne
people I ar

ate with and I en ?
nv one for the @rst tine

look tt. My waist is only twenty-three inche
I shouldn't like to be stoct: would vou? Ua’

  
 
  
  

 

here
gence

The Real Fetate Foard of Bre
POqUCiring the news fae lies fat

ie: Leation, towetber wtb a corees
ve cesiznatel 8 Ors their office
Advertising medium. There i« pr ate fay
compete summary of Real Betate transe t. 08, t

erther with %
es Let ef Beal Estate suchos cued te

 

“News art

Ra Oe. ERE.

SS

ae

T