POWERS DECLARED GUILTY. |

pixes HIS PUNISHMENT AT

Y
. pM PRISON MENT FOR LIFE.

vt
Takes the Verdict Caimly Despite
of the trial-One of the

Hepablicao—The Decisiva
Fights on the Street.

Prisower
the Lone § rain
Jurymen Wasa

Namerous

    

 

 
 

    

Caan
giown Ky. Aus is.—Caleb Powers,
ago’
= etary of State, was found guilty
former =* y 7

F ¢ \Willlacn Goebel to-day. The
of t mu

re ver was “We, the Jury, find the
ae m guilty andfix his punishment at

endat itl
e f ant in the penitentiary for the rest
pon finerienit 1 Sh
of his natural life 4

"The jury had listened to the testimony 8D
ejurs had
shea for six long weeks. It was composed
Saat =, three anti-Goebel Demo- |
or nu ublican, The jury retired |

ta A i
an tearne (In with the verdict at

, : '
ay sii urs men after eourt adjourned '
& {the ne ballot was taken and that |
“ ; voted for life trprisonment. The |
Paks ait that the verdict would |

ner y returned much sooner if moat of |
have been recur

ns aft sites had not been consumed
Ky € rinatructions

preadte

wh ot was read aloud by th: @ rk

. ed to observe its effect on the
ahs k av Instant he seemed to be |
ppt ed. but soon he was smiling |
ra F a-antly with the Misses Dan- |
: { next to him inside the bar
° Powers has shown littl emo-
e t Only ones did he wines,

t tras hen States Attorney
S ted | toe r at Powers’s face |
Fié ena > + wou d take infinite mercy
a t Vater to pardon the tofinite |
f t y in urging hin |

7 : 4 inviting him into your

der ld th: fy.” |

4 o 1 nade an impas- |

aitiel ise go-da’, and |

f fal { it eooh alone prevented |
f he Youtse case Was called

{ M Ia Youtaes’s attor- |

ved bee . indtnight not be |

int M 1. so they de- |
hert lanswer read
« ers {eal so the chances
feons ' et it ria the case
f rs Patlow Dick Combs will be
ee riict in tha case of Caleb Powers
to-day to the waiting crowds
are tbumt f parthanship
In pideew several

aot n ‘ dnd in some cases men walked |
ms t " ' Jie most prominent

awi ven a tiace were |

5 (ia ather of Capt. |

ar

\ 5 A. and 1 om Larkin,

, ua at Fi ary The trou.

' ruerorst.Ciale street and

Rr pr nea of a ig crowd

Lar r uk when the verdict was fale
, a

1 iatloe i right

I ré Cra ‘

\ re & 4 ly reaponded Larkin,
and t ‘a men ve mixing up in an instant.
The gita ocearred in similar fashion,

0 e ely
\ NT MAY OTVET P TAY OR
pois, Aug. 18 -The conviction of
( vy radi t aise rprise in offic al
cir les ueraad {itis understoo. how oh t Gov
he r ro arequisition
uckyv of former \

recretary I
Gov,

  

 

i t from

Ir s bee admitted

t G Mount bas !
the testimony anee the
en the verd ot Was ane
ne a d th if he was n t
i result wis rea bed
ula b hie action n ow,
ed for the men who
state, he ref aed to

 
  

 

could not be

  

 

mit
presented and it was

otto antic’ rate any

taxen Other Republicnns

4 tat Powers had ben
f { ftht Taylor and |
} areguiity, The trial showed thot they
would have the provection of t @ law tf re-
trned o Kentoc ¥ d twas the fear that
tis o ld not be evn to them hat moved

Gov. Mount to retuse (o honor the requisition,

TOURISTS IN HARD LUCK.
Itt Fortane of Christian|Fodeavorers Who Were
Booked for a Faropean Jaant,

in Endeavorers
oard the North Ger-

hriet
t of chris

iva

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

hp Trave. They said that
naboutatmonth ag» under the
{mrrossion that ey were going to mak*
a tour ¢ urepe, atter attending the
(hessan Encervor convention in London,
lke erparti:s that ubmt themselves un-
rese ly t vuring eg one.es W. H. Moe-
Chiin, w t tof the tiking for the tour-
ft-, cad that he and his wife and the other
enand wor en who wentout with him from St.
lous were told itthe Poon agency which |;
got x uvsion Ww: uid take care of them, '
and tha would not have to pay a cent
mre un the ju em. that each group of
Endeay rere; utur at the start |
fue wroun of avout two hundred to which |
Mr ’ ne r $30, (100 lier
* wus led four A.” They
‘ r weil uotl they reached
t ( t Lher t were partly
thrown ¢ their vn f sources he
guides t w sup «d to jook after
t ho ss t leas not prog l
i y h ae ited vith
s e d on one
' } | piece, in-
stead ree re meals th t had
er ) i They aoent their
boone rather tha »y hun,
‘ ‘ u poor time itin Pars, |
eing y d dior ! mann tr thoy had
ben led to Thoy got tran-portat on
from Paris io: herbeorg atthe expens' 0 tae
Bos a oT The were w cared for
aboardth Trave. Such was Mr. Metlains ac
vu the tour
ivaof the Boston agency in this
terd y tha’ n ‘bristian) En-

 

  

ave t y his + assawe hore

t y vas doing the best

ide ur jomists lie
atmior ef the burning of
{ soa hai teen har-
eexcursonist oFkur pe This
ef the excursion: and

by ho el kee: ers of the coupons

nd-avorers to | dging
ceding the ime of their

*t

 

 

ea’ ihe l

--- |

MARRIAGE ANNOUNCEMENT HELD UP.

FE. W. Valentine and Miss Naomt Votce Were
Wed at Stamford a Month Ago.

18.—It was reported

Yornens, N. ¥.,

Aug

  

 
 
  

 

In this city tocay that E wart W. Valentine
Was marrie on July 10 at Stamford, Conn.,
to Miss Naomi Voice of Mount Vernon. When
feen to- ay Mr. Valentine confirmed the re-
port 1 co not remember the clergyman's
ame,” he sai “No, in e@', it was not an
hemer Hoth my wile’s ant my relatives
ew About {t and we were marrie. with
air Corse
MA ela the granddaughter of Alfred
B lour be and {alert d hi- sstateat Fast
hetrwe a eo dito be wort $1 000,000
sorer years ng » married Charl-s Holisier
PMoust Vernon, and aftera vear of married life
ne lert hil tie allewed that, at the instigea-
on of her mother, his wife left his home while
e FAS AN on a fishing exypediticr She
owed to 8 Dakota here che secured a
: “e from { fey He 1 «i ted that she
ad been kdeanpped and it ht or quot tha
dovmad on sear rhorinsey rai states
ve Valentine is been for several years in |
We TAAL ¢ * business in Yonkers, He has
charge f his father's eatate on Valentine fill,
at { the family The Valen-
Ve \ “re avenue, TDunwoodle

samemberofthe Yonkers |
has a good record at the traps
wher of several trotting horses.

 

 

POISONED RY ICH CREAM.
Meny Pennie Who Attended a Festival at |
Grisestown, No J., Very mt
Sr
- MER NJ, Aug. 18.— Many people who |
a d invest ho oe festival at Griggstown
7 irda vht are now suffer.ng from
t e ‘ t- theresuito eath gicecre.m
beleved to have heen vy m A |
1 ee made neo per cans, |
Rey
™ trea peovle from many small
. nt
tes ® adla it to Griggstown att odd the |
tis \
va o these towns are witout |
: i
© Grug stores an there was int nse |
4; bor@ & erat number of people |
ied.cs , y night for waut of +roper
vil a A ‘anes. The drugei-ts of So. er- |
ae e¢ seat, were alled up afte mide
ee lht usy until day Jeht filing pre-
Att hewetr i In the country towns
ot fe Yand Harlingen twents live Peopie,
1 4 fh tvelive miles tothe festival, were
i” . eir®ay home ang endurea great
npene he sufferers were (harles Howel
five oti aie a ufacturer of Trenton, and !
Waa obey The Cook famly coachman |
@rue «. 5. Irveexte nomites ‘o the nearest |
uid beg te the sufferin = of the ianuiiy
the re 'viated No fatadtles are r ported
ate tha 't the poisoning, but many pie
loe cream are still seriously

| next morning refused to go into the acheme.

, Jeet of the killing of the officers and the abduoc-

 
 

BOER PLOTTER'S DEFENCE.

Accuses a British Detective Who, He Says,
Urged Him On.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

From THE SUN's Correspondent at Pretorta.

Prerornia, Aug. (8 =| acut, Cordua, who ison
trial for conspiring with others to kill British of-
cers and abduct Lord HKoberts,made along state-
ment yesterdar. He said that Gano, the British
detective, tad urged him to insUgate the plot
Gano ,reteided to be “sick and Ured” of British
service and aflected American ideas as opposed
to those of the English He told the prisoner
that It would be an easy matter to capture
Pretoria after the officers had been seized
and the arsenal taken. Furthermore he said,
#0 the prisoner teatified, that such an act would
stagger the British Army.

Che prisoner consulted with his friends on
the subject and all of them refused to join
in the plot except Dutoit and Melt Menais,
who considered the matter over night and the

After receiving these refusals, Lieut. Cordua
testified, he returned to Gano and told him he
ovjected to going any further in the affair.
Gano ogain urged him to @» on and taunted
him with cowardice. He enid that if Americans
were Interested in such a scheme they would
have carried it out long before then, instead
of losing time tn thinking it over. Gano, the
prisoner sald, made him drink constantly and
seenied to have control over him. Cordua
swore that Gano instigated the entire plot
and jade all the plana

Lieut. Cordua denied that he had any com-
munication with Gen, Botha on the sub-

tion of Lord Roberts, The prisoner detalled
his excursion and capture outside the lines
He said that Gano, who pretended to act asa
guide, supplied the party with revolvers and
the British uniforma which they wore. When
ey arrived at Silverton they discovered that
the Boer camp was quite a distance away.
Cordua throught of his broken parole and
wanted to return, but it was then too late

‘The prisoner's evidence was shaken some-
what on crose-exarmination.

SS <a

M. Deleoasse Leaves Paris Temporartiy,

Speciai Cate Despatch to TH SUN.

Paris, Aug. 18 —M. Deicassé. the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, has gone to Foix to take
part tn the work of the Counctl General, At
the same time he will keep in touch with the
Foreign Office here

The Lancaster at Antwerp.
Special Cable Desratch to THE SUN.
ANTWERP, Aug. 18 — ihe United States train-
ing ship Lancaster arrived here to-day from |
Stockholm,
!

 

WOMEN ABLAZE iN THE STREET.

Passer-by Pat Out the Flames in Their Cloth-
ing With His Coat,

While Nora and Annie Smith, servants in the
house of William Adan.a,at 28 West Tenth street,
were cleaning the retrigerator yesierday in prep- |
aration © the return of the iamily from the

country, some a'uff w io they were u ing to
ciean with caught fire trom a candle whi h one |

 

ofthe. held and set the women sskiris ablaze, |
}iey ran screaming into the street EI. tl.
Durvea of 4 West) Thir y-third treet, who
hap. ened lo we paasing, smothered the fames
With bis+oat. Th: wornen were taken to ile
New York tiospital |
PREFERRED DEATH TO POVERTY. |

Mrs, Gilbert, Her Money Gone, Thrice Tried |
to Kill Herself and at Last Succeeded, |

Mrs. Emily Gilbert, a widow, 34 years old,
after three attempts at suicide at 201 East 108d |
street, finally succeeded in killing herself
yesterday by swallowing two ounces of car-
bolic acid. Her husband died nine months
ago and since then she has lived on the little
money she realized from the sale of acandy
store which she owned, She reached her last
few dollars several days ago and told her friends |
that rather than face the miseries of poverty
she would prefer to die

The janitress, Mrs, Johnson, ived on the |
same floor as Mrs. Ciilbert. When Mrs. John-
son came upstairs on Friday night the gaa in

the hallway was turned off. Mrs. (ilbert
said that burglars had tried to get in the room
It is believed the woman planned to kill her-
self then. The janitrass detected gas coming
from the womans room sterday mornin
and asked her what was the matter. She sald

| that the gas was leaking from a tube attached

to the gas range, A pet dog had already been
aifected by the gas
Mrs. Gilbert told the Janitress later that

she nad sent.a note to Mrs. Mabel Roseuwacher
of 326 Fast Figiity-second etree: and expected
an answer by noon At noon the answer had
not come, and the sanitiess heard groans from
the woman's room irs Gilbert told her
that she bad taken a few drops of varbolic acid,
diiuted, for toothache, Believing this, the
janitress left her. Atl o'clock a messenger
came with a letter for Mrs. Gilbert. She failed
to respond when he knocked at her door, and
the janitress, climbing in by the fire escape, |
found the woman lying on the oor dead
Mre. Rosenwacher is a cousin of the dead

woman, She said last night that Mre Gilbert

 

and her huehand were at one time welleio-do,
but sickness used up their savings

rrelled With a Woman; Killed Himself

Joseph L. Wil-on, 20 years old, was found
dead yesterday morniig tn the shrubbery in
front cf bia father’s house, on Stuyvesant
avenue, Irvington, N. J, County Phwesican
Washingtonsa: that death was caused by tak- |
ina carbo ie ci Young Wilson ts said ty have
quar. eled with a young womanin Newark on

|
|

Q

 

Friday night.

 

 

Sharp Fights at the Cusino Sporting Clab.

plenty of bLiood spilled at the
lwo special

There was
Casino Sporting Club last nant
encounters of ten rounds each and seven bouts
of four rounds each made up the programme.
The first of the 10-round combats brought to-
gether John Miller and Dau Weber, voth
o Willlamsbureé. Their weight was 122
pounds. Miller went in head foremost
and swug wildly. Tils was just what
Weber liked, and he jJabbed away at his oppo-
nents visage until Miler jodked lise a@ boiled
lony |

lobster. In the second they f-uaht at
rence and seemed to be winded. 1. third was
faster and @ach sco.ed (eling b.ows on the jaw
and in tne wind. Miler ssowe. sigus eof
tiring in the fi urth, but he vas
writty and bore in like an infurated
bull. The fitth was rapid. Weber played ,
for Miller's stomnech The latter ad not ike
this, an. afer receiving wo more wallop: no

po dubn Geodedto gull, and the

the same |
referee, Chris Dalion, dect ed i favor of |
Weer Next Ton Day and Kid O'Brien
had tout. The limit »a* ten rou ds and the
weight 115 pounds. This bout was hot. In the
fifth round Da'y sent © Brieu wroegy with a
riwht on thesviarpl aos. be creO Bren had

@ chance to recover himsel Tom brought the
sane band acros# on the vital point and
knoe ed O'inen out. Summary

110-Pound Clase=First Doue-Joe Sherrick beat
Thomas Martin in fo r rounds Se ond bout— |
Charies Betts knocked Andy King out in ove round
‘Tbird bout-Jim Gardner beat Charnes Betts in four

rounds
| }4-Pound Class—George Lamb beat Steve Holst

infourro nds
2) Pound Class-Jack Keller beat Tommy Ryan |

|
four rou ds j
a Pound Class—First bout—Jim Lewis beat Kid |
|

Davis in fourrounds Seco: a bout—Tom Monatan
beat M. Hyan in the «xtra round

Mrs, Hugh Mclaughiin’s Birthday.

Jamesport, L.. 1, Aug. 18.—The b.rthday of
Mra. MeLa:ghlin, wife of Hugh Mclaughlin,
leidir of Kings county, was
cvlebr ates here to-nicht. Tie flreworks were

da. zling. There were two lore frames, and |

|
the Democ acic
|

. ‘ 7

ono.eo themthe words “E len'’s Kir tda |
|

shone forth in letters of fire | Gver five sun-
dred chinese lanteros were tung about the
grou dsot the het “|, and several yacht inthe

1 boo were decorated | the same manner, |
‘There was aerand bail afterward to which |

every obe was invited ‘I here was a large crowd
present.

Found 6520 in the Rafters. |
New Rocnrmn, N. Y¥., Aug. 18 ~ Sewer
Commissioner George C. Roth, who is tearing |
down a trame house in Main street, opposite
the City Hall, found a leather pouch containing
$520 in old bills under the rafters yesterday

afternoon. The money is in five, ten and
twenty-dollar bills and ten, twenty-five and
fitty-cent shinplasters, ‘The bills are well
preserved. Mr hioth says the money was

probably hiddea by an old woman who occupied
the house about thirty years ago
Congressman Bellamy Renominated.
Raumion, N.C., Aug. 8—Jdoho D. Bellamy

ne renominated for Covgress to-day by the
Democrats of the Sixth Consress detrict. |

STRAT a ORE Ree EET

 

| overturned

    
  
 
  

TET EF

BRITISH ARMY WEAKNESS.

LORD WOLSELEY’S BEBUKE 10 THE
OFFICERS AT ALDERSHOT

Blunders of the Worst Possible Type Made at
the Fleid Day—No Mure #xtensive Opera-
tions to Ke Tried Until Hrigade and Com-
pany Work Has Keen Greatly Improved—
Frank Eogitsh Comment on the Exposure,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Lonpon, Aug. 18.—Gen, Montgomery Moore,

Commander at Aldershot, and a soldier of very

médiocre reputation, having been severely

criticised for his work at a big field day, Lord

Wolseley ordered another heid in his presence;

and never, perhaps, has the need of the lesson

given in South Africa been more fully demon-
strated. The Times commenta to-day are

a@ conservative expression of what every think-

ing Englishman is saying tn far more forcible

terms, The following passages are typical
of the whoie long editorial

“The plan of the exercise was one of rear
guard actiona, which has become familiar
during the war. The force In retreat was to
endeavor to delay the pursuing enemy as much
as possible. Our military correspondent spoke
sarcastically of the acheme as ‘a gentlemanly
scheme with no nasty Boer aliminess abcut

{t.! Even eo, there was left room for good

fighting or bad fighting. The troopa and

leaders seem to have been chosen for the latter.

They appear to have bungled the whole bual-

ness and certainly acquitted themselves so

as to receive from the Commander-in-Chief
the most humiliating censure that has

fallen a British division for many a day. The

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST

be- |

country would do well to pay close attention |

to this little affair, for the faults it revealed
may very soon prove, if unarrested, disastrous,
Nor would any good purpose be served by
hushing up the matter, for we may well be
assured that {t is already known to all the gen-
eral staffs in Furope.

“The melancholy discovery the country ts
now making on the authority of the commander-
in-Chief ls that there are officers and men who
cannot go through a fleld day and an ordinary
sham fight without committing a series of
elementary blunders of the worst possible
type. Nothing else would have led Lord Wolse-
ley, in addressing the assembled offlvers, to
declare that not again under any circumstances
were large operations to be tried until the bri-
gade work and the company work were much
more thoroughly known, “They must learn
to walk before they try to run.’ It will be
observed that this censure was not directed
primarily against the men, but against the
efi-ers, who were explicitly told by the Com-
mander-in-Chief that they did not know the
grammar of their work, The men are probably
good material, English troopa generally are,
as has been proved over and over again in
South Africa, but they seem to be quite unm
trained.”

The Timea conchides with the question of
how this can be changed and suggests that the
constitution of the army should be changed
60 that cleverar youths should regurd it as «
natural cureer

As regurds Lord Wolseley’s ecuthing re
while they meet with universal approval, they
muy be criticised from two points Firstly,
toward the end of his five-yeur service us Come
maunder-in-Chief the condition of affairs at
Aldershot should be such that his criticism
should not be needed; and, secondly, an un-
professional spirit was shown in concluding
his well deserved rebuke with an apology tn
hoping thut the officers would take his remarks
in good part

ITALY HAD WARNING PROM NEW YORK.

Detective Karean Told Previons Foreign Min-
ister of a Plot to Kill King Hambert.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Rowe, Aug 18 —Admiral Canevaro, for-

arks, |

| CUBAN

merly the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs, |

told THE Sun's correspondent yesterday that
when he handed the charge of the department
to Visconti Venosta, the present Minister, he
gave to him an {mmense mass of documents
relating to anarchism, including reporte from
the New fork Detective Bureau, warning the
Italian Government that, at a secret meeting

| of Anarchists in that city, it had been decided

to kill King Hurnbert. In consequence of that
report special measures were taken by Can-
evaro’s administration for the safeguarding
of the King. The Admiral feared that those
precautions were not continued by his suo-
cessor, and he proposes to question the Gov-
ernment on that subject in the Senate, Pend-
ing these explanations he is inclined to place
upon Venosta the grave responsibility for the
crime at Monza

RELIEF REACHES ELANDS RIVER.

Kitchener Resouces the Garrison That

Once Given Up as Lost,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Tonpvon, Aug. 18.—The War Office has re-
celved the following from Lord Roberts
“Pretoria, Aug. 1t7.—"Kitchener relieved
Hoare [the commander of the Elanda River
garrison] yesterday. Hoare's casualties were
five killed and eighteen wounded. Seven of
the latter have sinee died. Lieut.-Col. De-
lisle, who was with Kitchener, was severely
wounded.”

 

Lieut.-Col. Delisle is the oMloer who demanded
the surrender of Pretoria in the name of
Lard Roberta.

 

MORE GRAND OPERA FOR LONDON.

Automn Season at Popaular Prices to Be Held
in the Drary Lane Theatre,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
Lonpon, Aug. 18 Angelo Neumann has
arranged an autumn reason of grand opera

| was br ught to jail

Was |

at Drury Lane at popular prices. The best |

stalls will be eeven shillings and the second
five. The répertoire will include Wagner's
dramatic music and “Nibelungen Ring.” There
will be also a series of once popular operas
which have not been heard in London for many
years. Owing to the lack of English singers
and serviceable translations of the lUbrettd
the operas will not be produced in English,

COMMISSIONER PUCK HONORED.

Receives One of the Exposition Decorations
—No Englishmen tn the List.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUM,

Panis, Aug. 1s.—-Severa: Geoorationa of the
Tegion of Honor have been nwarded, Including
one to Mr. F. W. Peck, the American Commis
sioner-General to the Exposition, The first

| list does not contain the name of a single Eng-

lishman

MARGHERITA'S PRAYER CONDEUNED.

 

Ite Recitation in the Catholic Churches Is
Forbidden.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Rome, Aug. 18.—The Congregation of the Holy
Office pubiishes a communication cond mning
aid forbi.ding the recitation in the Catholio
churches of the Queen Do. ager Marghberiia’s
prayer in memory of King Humbert.

Ex-President of Veneracia Dead.

Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN,
CARACAS, Venezuela, Aug. 18 —-Andueza Pala-
clo, ex-President of Venezuela, is dead

Palacio was President of Venezuela in 1882,

| but he was thrown out and the Government

by Gen. Joaquin Crespo.

No Lawyer for Assassin Bresct.
Special Cable Despach to THE SUN,

Rome, Aug. 18 Bresci, the Anarchist who
killed King Humbert, refuses to select a lawyer
to conduct his defence. All the lawyers who
have been invited by the President of the
court to undertake the defence of the assassin
have declined to serve

‘L’Algion’' a Success tn Belgiam.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Bavssris, Aug. is, he first performance
of Roetand’s “L'Alglon” outside of France was
given here last night. The play was received
with enthusiasm.

, feotioners’

 

| to Nebraska aod South Dakota.

|

 

'

  

TO STUDY HAVANA'S CHARTER.

Gen. Wood Asks the Municipality to Reoom-
mend Changes.
£ pecial Cable Lespatch to THE SUN,

Havana, Aug. 18.-Governor General Wood
arrived at Las Tunas, Santiago Province, to-
day and ordered that an appropriation be made
for the building of roads, @ hospital and the re-
construction of schools and bridges. The peo-
ple are very grateful to the Governor General
for thia action, An officer of the Tenth Cavalry
will have charge of the reconstruction of the
road from Manita which was destroyed during
the war. It is regarded as very important as
the country adjoining has much valuable lum-
ber.

In accordance with the instructions of Gen,
Wood the municipality of Havana has ap-
pointed a committees to study the new charter
and recommend changes.

The Kepublican party in the Province of
Banta Clara has invited all parties on the txtand
to send two delegates to a meeting whioh ls
to be held on Aug. 27. At this meeting Gov-
ernor General Wood will be asked to explain
the precise meaning of one clause in the order
calllig for the constitutional convention,
This clause refers to the future relations of
Cuba and the United States.

THE CUBAN TEACHERS.

OMctal Programme for Tnesday, Their Day
ta New York.

The Cuban teachers. who passed by New
York early yester Ay morning on their way to
Washington, will return here to-night. ‘They
will go to West Point on one of the lron steam-
boats on Mon ay.

The official programme for Tues ‘ay, which
ie New York. ay for the visitors, has been mace
up. Early in the morning the teachers will ake
a stenmor up the North Kiver to the L2vth street
lan ing, where they will be met by gui es and

visit Grant's Tomb an: Columbia University.

Presi ent Low will ac ress them Then they
will visit the Amsiur am Avenue chool at 100th
liaten to a talk by Presi eut O brien

atreaer an
of the Sehool Boar

This will take up the forenoon i
the school at 12.20 an take cars to Seveuty-

secon street. ‘They will walk up the Mall,
an then, on the enst sl @ lawn, Acting Mayor
Guagenieimer will make AN @ucress of Wwel-
come. A banquet will be serve: ate o'clock
Tue return trip will be rnade past the s.enogerie
to the Bixth avenue exit at Fifty-ninth street
to Seventh avenue, where cars will be taken
for Kattery Park

We nes ay tiey take the transports for
Phila eiphia, where they will spenu one uay
anu then start for Cuba.

on the city's seclool system
hey will leave

 

 

TEACHERS IN WASHINGTON.

They Visit the Capitol and Are Received by
the President.

WasHINaTon, Aug. 18.- The Cuban teachers
arrived here in three train sections on the Balti-
more and Ohio Kallroad at 1:10 o'clock this after-
noon and were escorted by the District Recep-
tion Committee to the Capitol, Alter seeing
the Capitol the party went to the hotela where
they will be quartered during their stay here
and dinner was served.

At 8:30 the President and Mra. McKinley,
assisted by Secretary and Mra. Gage, Secretary
Hitcheook and Postmaster-General Smith, ree
ceived the party. Senator Proctor also was
at the White House and saw many familiar

faces. fle has visited Cuba three times and

was in Cambridge when the teachers were at |

Harvard this summer. ‘The Marine Baud
plived Cuban and American patriotic music
durins the rece: lon

Two of the teachers presented to the Presi-
dent a Irtter said to be indoreed by all of them
praying that he would suspend Gen, Wood's
ocder abolishing the primary grades in the
Cuban University until after the Cuban ( onrti-
tutional Convention meets, This order was
made by Gen, Wood on the score of economy.

 

 

Elizabeth Vietz Ran Away.

Flizabeth Vietz, 12 veara old, whodisanpeared |

from her parents’ resi.ence at 181 E {zabeth
street, Brooklyn, on Wedesday, was taken
horne last eveni g. She ran away. She said
her mother whipped her, She went to the home
ofa Mr’. G ege al 401 Twen {th street and said
she waslost. When Mra, Giege read the story
of her « isappearance in the paner yesterday
ehe visited Mr. and Mra, Charles Vietz, and
they went to her home and took charge of their
daughter.

Father and Son tn Jali.

Hackensack, N. J, Aug. 18. Samuel Ritchie
inst oight obarged with

assaulting Mary Koppellinen in her store at

Lyn burst, and stealing go dsfrom her, The
pracner is ab ut it yea oid and is @
son of Michael! Kitch: , a lawver, who is tn jail
charged with fo ging th: name of | x-A-sembly-
mn Dupuy of Ruth riord on acheck. the
boy was ounce arrested in H boken ona charge
of highway robbery.

 

$500 Cleared for Hoboken Fire Sufferers.

A picnic was held ye terday a! For! Wendel
for the benefit of the widows and obtidrey of
the men killed in the fire at the North German

Lio d Line piers in Hoboken. The pienio wis
uncer the auspices of ten German seoctetie An
exoivition drili of toe Firat Battery under
co mandof Capt. Louis Wendel, gymna-tics
by th German-\imerio n Athletic Cl.., and
tinging by several German siiving societies
entertained those wh atiended. Lt was estl-

mated that about $500 wa- cleared.

Boy Killed Ranning Away From a Watchman,
Seven-yeir-old Oscar Frederick of 1100 First
avenue was play ng yesterday ona pile of sand
in front of a new building at Firet avenue and
Sixty-seventh street an. the Italian watchman
chased him «way. Thebo ran tn fro.t of @
pa sing horse car snd w sknocked down, The
© rwheel- passed over him, kiling him, Tue
watchman and the car driver were arrested

Brookiyn Vestmakers to Strike.

The Brooklyn branch of the Vestmakers’
Union ordered a general strike ye-terday to go
into effect to-morrow for the same demauds as
are mad by the New York vestmakers, The

contracto & who em ly them are su plied
with work by the New York manulacturers.

Bakers to Demand Ten-Hour Day.

The local unions throughout the country
aMiliated with the Journeyman Bakers and on-
Internitional Union have been
d rected by the! ter ational body to demand
t @ ten-hour work day, t Into eflecton May |,
1901. There are about 60,000 bakers and cou-
fectioners in the international union,

Bourke—Prince.

Neweronrr, R. 1, Aug. 18.--There was a pretty
hom: wedding to-day at the villa of Mrs.
George Scott Oldmixon, the co tracting parties
being Miaw 8. Teneyok Prince and Mr. C! aries
Franels Bourke of New York. ‘lbe ceremony
was perforn.ed by the Rev. Henry M. Stone of
Trinity Church

 

The Weather.

Fair weather prevailed over nearly all the country
yesterday There were seattered showers in the Mid-
die Atilantle States, around the southern border of the
Lake regions and in the Upper Mississippi and Mls
sour! valleys The pressure remained low west of the
Mississipp! and moderately high east of that river.

High temperatures ranging from ®4 to 100
degrees continued in the Central States, thence west
East of Ohio there
was litte or no ehang?s tp the brat conditions

In this city the day was cloudy atl es, with oneor
two lignt showers; wind generally fresh east tosouth.
east; average bumidiiy, 65 per cent; maximum
temperature, 79, at 4P M: Diromrter oorrect.d to
read to sea level at& A.M. 3008 3PM, 80.06

‘The temprrature as recorded by the oMctal ther
mometer, and also by “ THE SUN'S therm »meter at
the street level, Is sh owe tn the annexed table

—OMedan Sun's —OMciai~ Sun's
190) 1808 1800 10/0. 1800. 1999,
9AM 7A 70 75°| APM. 7b° 76° 7ae
12M. so75*)«-76°)—Oo77"| OPM 75® 74%) 748
3 P.M 78° 70°" &1* 12 Mid. 72° 73° 2°

WASHINGTON PORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND
rO- MORROW

For Maine, New Hamp hire, Vermont and Masea-
chuartts, local rains and cooler to-day; Monday fair;
‘ight northwest winds

For Rb de Istand and Connecticut, showers to-day;
Monday fair; ligh\ to fresh north winds

For eagern New York, showers today; cooler in
intertor: Monday fatr; light south sifting to north
winds

For eastern Pennsylvania .New Jersey and Dela-
ware, generally fair; light to fresh south winds

For District of Columbia, Marylind and Virginia
probably showers to-day; Monday fatr; light to fresh
west winds

Por western Pennsylvania, western New York, Ohio
and lower Michigan, Generally fair; ight to fresb
weet winds

19, 1900.

WORK ON CHANNEL FORTS,

BN@LAND'S ACTIVITY AT DOVER AT
LAST AROUSES FRANCE.

 

Fortifications to Be Improved at Calats and
Monlogne— Characteristic British Protests
at This Move-varie “Temps'' Denounces
the Many War Scares to the Two Ccunirics,

Speeia! Cable Despatch ‘o THE SUN

Lonpon, Aug. 18.—-The Temps published an
editorial the other day denouncing the period-
ileal scares in England and France in regard
| the Intentions of the respective Govern-

ments. The Temps gives a number of In-
stances In which false rumors in both coun-
tries have upset French aod British nerves,
But this does not dispose of the fact that for
years past, both France and England have
been steadily making preparations and ex-
periments, based clearly on the assumption
that war between them, sooner or later, le
inevitable.

The curious part of the matter is the char-

actoristic attitude of Engli-hmen.
on dogaediy with thelr own warlike work,
but when Frenchmen follow their lead, the
air of England ts rent with protests and de-
nunciation of persons who are wicked enough
to suppose that Joho Bull desires war with
his neighbor.

A case in point has Just presented itself,
For sears the British Government has been
spending hundreds of thousands of pourds
on the construction of the e:ormous harbor
at Dover Uie nearest place to the French coast.
The harbor is avowedl, designed on an im-
metise scale 60 as to accommodate large war-
ships, and gigantic fortifications are being
built for their protection, There are bet «
erected the summit of the great cliff bv
Dover Castle evormous batteries which will
be armed with guns to command the Channel,

Quite naturally France has at last taken
alarm at these fornidable works, only twenty-
one miles from the Freneh shore. Equally
ble guns are belyg mounted at Calais and it is
proposed to enlarge the existing harbor at
Boulogne, 60 as to accommodate a fleet of
Warships. Rear Admiral Ligouf and a etaff
of naval experts have been at Boulogne this
week investigating the eltuation aud there is
little doubt that they will reconwmend the eon-
struction Of works sufficient to neutralize those
at Dover

This has caused quite a storm of indignation
here, Englishmen ure quite heartbroken to
| think that their neighbors so cruelly misunder-
| stood them. England, it is explained, does
not dream of acting sggressively aguinst France,
i

They go

on

The fort and harbor at Dover and all the elubo-
Tute prepxrations that have been mude are not
for wur but merely as precautions, which even
| the most peaceful nations are entitied to muke
| against possible accident. Needless to suy,
these prote tations will have no weight with
the French Government. As 4 matter of fact,
France hus been too lax, as far aa outsiders
can judge, and has a good deul of leeway to

muke up before getting ubreust of British
preparations,
GERMAN VOTE «8 ALL RIGHT.

 

Col. Welz Says That Brvan and His Boomers
Canno( Katse a False Issue,

All the Republican campaigners took a day
off yesterday tn order to rest up aid be ready
to take up their work on Monday morning
Senator McComas of Maryland arrived here
from Europe and staried off on the first train
for Hagerstown. Kepublicans realize that
the situation in Maryland is critical and Senator
McComas cut short his vacation in order to go
home, take off his coat and go to work,

J. M. Race of Decatur, ILL, was in town yes-
terday. He remarked that out his way people
who live in the vicinity of Decatur, which is
only nine miles from the birthplace of Lincoln,
hadn't forgotten his advice about swapping
horses while crossing the stream, and that
llinois would give 100,000 ~—s plurality
for McKinley. Col. F. R Welz of
St. Pauw, one of the leading German-Americans

 

- AAA AA AAA _

 

| WRAP and COAT DEP’T.

 

 

      

 

MUSIC OF ALL THh NAL
HARHNONY Ano rr

DISCORD HRARD AT
THE PARIS L&LOSITION.

fome of the Hands Keally National, bat Others
Merely Cosmop tiiwa- Baibirio Din From
Eg spt end « bina—French Antipathy to
Enogland—Some Cartoos Instraments seen,
Panis, Aug. 10.—If the sun were to seek &
royal consort outside his sphere, whose mr alm
should yet be as limited as his own, the God
doss of Music might be found the mort eligible.

| For her sway {# every where, and if, perchauce,

of the Northwest,said vesterday that the Demo- |

oratio efforts to foment race hatred in this
| country and to appeal to Germans to vote. not

@- American citizens, but as sons of the Father-
land, were regarded by citirens of German
descent as ridiculous and would have no effect,

“As for Mr. Brran,” sald Col. Welz, “he is
what we call a siiver crank, Silver is the issue
though the Democrata will try to_hide it in
some sections of the country. The Der-
ocrats will pass a silver bill if they get into

power, and business men must see that they
1ave Do opportunity to do so.”

| J W. GOODWIN OUT FOR M'KINLEY.
|

Veteran Editor of Missouri, Former Demo-
cratic Wheel Horse, Boite ryan,

Sr. Louis, Mo., Aug. th oJ. West Goodwin,
the veteran editor of the Sedaila, Mo., Bazoo
andaformer whee! horaeof the Democracy,was
in the cit) to-day and announced his intention
of bolting Brian and of supporting the can-
didacy of McKinle Mr. (iovodwin is opposed
to free silver and also to “imperialism.” He
said

“The ‘paramount issue’ ts nothing but a hand-
ful of sand thrown into the eyes of the public to
blind it to the realquesons a( stake,”

The talk about trusts he denounced as sheer
olaptrap te then ssid “While I recognize
that no party is perfect, the conaiiions are such
that every loyal citizen and every man who has
the best {nterests of Lis country at heart must
vote for McKinley.”

Clever Double Team Performance em a
Half-Mile Track.

LANCASTER, Allg
mile track to-.ay the t am of Ch rles Mullen of
Lancaster, Prince and Genora, seven-: ear-olda,
trotted amile in 2:10 The time by quarters
was 0:85, 1:10, 1:45, 2:19, Mull-n driving. T @
track and weather cor dil o were: efectard
2.000 per ons witnessed (he periormanos, wh ch
caused great excit ment hereamong actsemen
ihe previous double-team record on a half-
mile t ack! said (obav. been 2:2.4¢; he form ¢
was made in 18080 the Waverly, N J. track oy
M yland bey ad «| vuils, owned by Charles
~unan of Puiadelphia.

 

La

Eloped With His Wife's Sister.

ATLANTA, Ga, Aug. 18.—Dr. H. M. Wilkinson
of Dover, Del, and Miss Josephine Packard
of the same place, are detained here by the

olice, the former charged with eloping with
he latter, who is hi. wife's younger af ter
The couple admit their identity an ir guilt,
Wilkinson is a druggist.

 

Resorting to the beach for comfort

—to us for good clothes, Our rem-~-
nant sale is your opportunity. This
is the last week. Suits formerly sold
from $16.00 to $40.00, now $14.00,
Trousers formerly $5.00 to $10.00,
| now $ 4.00. Suitable for immediate
| or early Fall wear.

Weare giving double value; money
| back if you think otherwise, Fall
|

a .

materials’ are now open on our second

floor.
Also new Fashion Booklets and

samples.

ARNHEIM

Broadway & Qtn Street.

there be ap unknown land 50 savage that her

charms fail to soothe, even there the birds bonor
their divine mistress with joyous 80Dg. ho
wherever the outions of the earth cougr gate
in these times there is afford: da royal oppor-
tunity to linteb eveD in one Gay toa progranume
marvellous beyond belief in ite variety and
inst ructiveness,

Our promenade concert begins at the Street
of Nations in the Expositivo grounds, where
we descend from the level of the pavilions to
the basernent cafes which line the Seine. Italy
comes first, and it is @ bit jarring to the nerves
to come fresh from the pavilion draped ju
mourning for the rourdered Humbert to the
frivolous strains of a Neapolitan orchestra.
This smal) organization comprises the al-
ways wiry bad piano, @ violin, mandolin and
mandola, and ts actually national) in its char-
acter, Which is by no lueans the couse elsewhere.
For in the very next Arabian restaurant we
find a cosmopolitan band which retards rather
than aids digestion, apd is distincily to be
shunned, Lt seems strange to 4D American
to tind no music at all ip the United States cafe,
and here @ passing refereuce is due Sousa and
tis band, who volunteered their services for
two weeks and who played in the various ki-
oaks scattered through the vast haposition
Ap almost endives discussion, &p-
proaching actual controversy, resulted from
the playing of the American organization,
The American papers publishing editions ip
Paris contained almost daily articles on the
subject.

To-day an American tourist eesayed to crit-
{cise both the playing of the band and the
statement of Sousa made in an interview, and
the next day the bandiwaster would reply at
even greater length, forming a curious and
not altogether wholesome blend of music and
discord. In this case as in every Gispute the
world over, that steriing old adage, “Least
said, sconest mended,” goes hand in hand
with the less elegant but forceful warning,
“Never wash your soiled linen in public.” And
it is a pity that well enough was aot let alone,
for enormous and enthusiastic crowds of for-
eigners were attracted by the performance
of the band. And when tn response to one
of countless encores the familiar strains of
“The Stare and Stripes” were heard, with the
cornet and trombone players filing to the front
of the kiosk to blow a seeming challenge to
all nations, while two uniformed American
attachtés waved the national colors, trick

grounds.

| though it was, every American present jumped

18 —At the Rotheville half- |

to his feet and took off his hat to his country
and to Sousa and his band.

Before resuming our stroll among the cafes
{t is worth while to relate an {ncident trifling
in itself yet telling all too plainly the intense
and widespread antipathy of the Freneh for
the English. Questioning an employes in
charge of one of the restaurants and asking
if he spoke French, he replied that he also
spoke English, which language we both chose
to continue our conversation. Seated at
a little table close by were a Frenchman and
his wife, middle-aged and of the upper class.
Our conversation had hardly begun when
these two French people rose ip evident anger
from thelr half-finished meal, the woman de-
liberately turned her back while her husband
paid the check, then the two hurried away
as if most anxious to shake the dust of the
place from their feet. Meantime there had
been a sharp interchange of opinions between
the employee and his patrons, from which
1 gleaned the astounding fact, verified by a
later chat with other employees of the place,
that these French people actually went away

hunery in a perfect rage because the employce
condeacended to talk English with a supposed

Englishman,
s is to laugh " gald the offender on my
departure, in nalf apology for the incident,

a mere straw yet lar@e enough to show plainly
the current of public —-

Austria wag musically represented by eight
Viennese, ann ~snta al o by a@ native orches-
tra made up of the usual strings There were
two mén and three women, one of the latter

laying a cymbalum, an instrument very much
ike an uneovered half-sized old fashioned
piano, Another young girl played a xylophone
80 skilfully as to be always eure of & cenerovs
audience, for always and everywhere they
pass the hat to the uttermost limi We tre-
quently saw an orchestra stop at a convenient

 

break in a selection to selcit an incautious
tourist betray into outward display of his
The Mungarian restaurant had one

pleasure
of the best orchestras of the entire collection,
4 national organization of fourteen men, almost
entirely strings, and with two cymbali In
fact, the absence of the cornet, Cute and other
wind {instruments was most noticeable. Bel-
ium was a bit shy on native talent, for her
Band contained a Frenchman, a German, a

emish woman, and only two Belgians

The Norwegian establisiiment boasted a
male band called the Cadets du Pole Nord, a
title suggest ing 1m cknown slangily as “chills”
but no “fever.” The Café Deutsch was har-
mony free, vet patrons could hear the mando-
lins and itars from the Spanish establish-
nent hard by. Monaco’s restaurant, like her
requenters, had Jost so much money that they
could not afford music, but Sweden supported
a atring band composed enttrely of French
students. Even little Greece had her orchos-
tra, three men with qguiters and two women
with castaneta, the latter not Maids of Athens,
but the entire organization borrewed = from
Spain. Strangely enough, it seemed to an
American, to find from Servia a unique body
of musielans, elehteen tn all, known as the
Tambourach! of the Soci'té Villa every in-

| atrument was picked by the fingers, even the

three double basees, and the plaving was most
excellent. This organization would make a
sure hit if taben to America by some enterpris-
ine vendeville manager

Mexico hae {ts pavilion, but no café ant no
music. Close by the Mexican povilion, how-
ever, was aso) an beautiful an illustration
in a simple, homely way, of the ell-perva ing
ower 4 music es can be foun” in the entire
Ee position Moore to the river wall ia a
very ancient whaling harkentine, the Deux
Empereurs, from Newfoun Jan Renlistio
soenas from the life of the fishermen are given
by a native crew, the fea for widoh o | exhi-
bition is one trance. As you approach, a young,
attractivelooking sailor is playing a 4imypie
but aweet malo y on an instrument looking
liken compositeofamelo eon an An fececor son
You ston to listen an to weave a brie! romance
of the life, the love, the anger, the outgoing
an homecoming of these «tur y fisher folk,
un er the gentle spell of a plaintive air which
makes one oblivious to all about you. Turkey
contributes the harsh, blatant strains ma @

familiar by the famous Mi way at our own
Chicago Exposition, an just here itahoul be
pote that there is no equal here to that won-

c erful avenue whose potent fascination, though
perforce a mitte , vet spoke volumes for the

 

 

perverte taste of t nations.
Now we have fi ¢ the Street of Nations
joe crossing the ne, we continue

Altinan’¢o,

 

 

WSS|WHY SHOULD WE

 

 
   

Ane

Will display on Monday, August 20th,

THE “AIGLON” CAPE,

 

| the newest style of outside garment.

Second Floor,

USE BLENDED

‘SCOTCH WHISKIES?

 

You can buy our

BONNIE
BRIAR
BUSH

(VERY OLD) or onr

SOUVENIR
OF
SCOTLAND

(MEDIUM AGE,)

and we assure you that they
are the best produced in the
Glenlivet distiict. We can
furn.sh it in bond ori, Store,
at as lowa Price as charged
for blended Whiskiecs—~which
are Interior to ours,

H. B. KIRK & CO.,N.Y.

SY

search for the worl ‘a muste {in other « irec-

TCH WHISKEY

hanie B

riarBu.)

 

ons. Algeria's outdoo: .

. ct
tribute to meio yatrio wi ne tee =
Pot conenal their Frenei { eouuty. But they

play straige-looking ips y
things looking like inuga ponte t
‘FAaWD Across Lieir Leilies,
the thir, is a win,
as a cornermuse an soun in
i
f «ReDIe Just at wee, Sah Haven
roaches, heade | ‘by ‘as’ welrd a sirect: bay
T hit naked Aby-6inians as eve )
Tt American boy on his first vialt to Warnunee
’ hey are fiterally drumming trade for the Indo.
nese Cueatte close by, but the marves of itall
is that they a tract auybody, for their efforts
are the opposite of musical, and it seers as if
this chance dose wouid be aii sulicdent Thy
edb vielously on drums of ali sizes fre an
pote Blase 4 a parte. One blg biack taliow
ogether two small cups o ri
we enon i was ime See bits of wood and tho
# 8010 performer Ows
out of a crude pipe that eounde leat at er
medium betWeen an aboe and a bag Dp iD as
Gerdes thet ant to the theatre to Which they
200g, (NEY eacOunter a@ bioe }
made by a smail mob who qurfauan J ear
old Cainaman with faces as threatente te
their mutterings, But the ¢ wtia) ae rer
finches at the hostile de nonstra.ion ebaply
musing bis way as fast aid as qui kiy —y 4
oan, with ali the time a smile as cbi ket
biaod as that of bis couniryn.an made far =
bY pret Hurte some thirty years age 7 Tnows
ext We encounter at t
Cal: an orchestra of ten nae clnternational
tirely of Noumanians, dere are twe iret
Violuis, & BeCcOnU Violin, a Viola, @ large oF 7
lum, While the one wind instrument, and played
too py the, ot ur of the ageregution, is b tlute
e ‘ His exceedingly rare s “rn
like tae one shown in the mythological p letweas
of the God of Music, consist ol a serie of
graduated vertical pipes of wood which the
performer plays upon by blowing in them
at the top, It was indeed a marvellous facilits
of nerformance achieved by the black=hearded
Rownanian, who, spurred by the crowd of
pleased and wondering faces ‘about him liter

116, Wo woo en
Ato bugs with strings
calle vielles, wisie
ibstrumept = kpown

ally blew himself for the Lenefit of his audi-
ence His was a lip of iron, an embrochure
bevond belief, and he deserved the generous
annlause he earned. For once everybody
was ready to contribute more substantial

reward than the mere clapping of hands, and
strangely enoueh it was the one instance when
the hat did net wo round

Reynt has our sincerest sympathy for her
diabolical music, and the deaf FEvyrtian is
in luck Vive’ swarthy blacks, brutes both

in face and fleure, blew shrill, reedy discordant
noises on an instrument called the zoumara
whieh translated somewhat freely means the
hauthoy of hell One bia burly drummer
earned the greatinide of the entire audience
hy well nigh crowning the efforts of bis cola-
berers In an unholy fleld, and we turned with
intense relief to a group of French singers
in nieturesque garb, who strangely enough
alternsted with the previous band of savages
as the musical attractions connected with the
Eevrtian building

But now we have hones, for fust across the
street a crowd athering In front of Portugal's
pavilion, and around a bandstand containing
a full brass band comrosd of colon d young
men from the island of St. Thomas. The leader
isa Po tuguese Wt) a hove military mustache
and an aic Of Buy riocily that looks promising.
The band have neat uniforms, their instrum: ats
are highly polish d, all looks w ll for a musjeal
treat, but alas! the fir t ten bars are enough.
The others blacks from Feypt across the street

   

had some excuse for their offence, for they
had no opportunity to do b tter than crude
bome made harmony, but these Portuguese

boys had a chance to karn, and everybody
knows the world over that the rankest possible
offenders against the divine art of melodr
are thos who think they know but don't, 8a
bidding a hurried good-by to Portugal we took
a long journey even in this cond nsed mass
of countries to the exquisite little Swiss village,

the very piece de resisianoe, the gem of the
whole xposition, Here the mousic, though
rustic and mple, was at least melodious,

from the ever fascinating tinkle of the cow-
bell in the distant mountains in miniature to
the sweet chimes from the belfry of the tiny
chureh and the clever yodeling of the Swiss
singer in the public square All is restful,
ker ne and in mo t charming contrast to the
rush and turinoil of th» rest of the show

One who recalls with a never forgotten pleas-
ure the exquisitely artistic playing of the Garde
Republique band in the Boston Peace Jubilee
of 1871 can never be equally satisfied with the
music of the rewimental bands of the Frenoh
army which play ip various parts of the Ex
position grounds nearly every day. They
play well, and would euftice were it not for th
wicrious work of the supertor organization
thirty years ago. Passing mention must. be
made of a huge chime cf bells on the Mechanica!
Arts Building, on which @ clever artist play,
very acceptably airs from all the popular an
best operas Would that we might Lenore an
atrocious string cf belle attached to the huge
Chinese pagoda and clanged witha meaningless

» ency that ls maddening. Lp this horrible
it ia hoped that passersby will patronize
pectacle of “A Trip to Pekin.”

There were some attractive concerts atven tn
the famous ‘Trocadero which is within the
Expesition grounds by Finns, and Colonne, the
famous French eonductor, has been giving
performance with a large orchestra in the
pert of the Exposition known as Old Paris
vit in an audience room manifestly too emall
for the best results And just now are an
nouneed also in the Trocadero some very prom-
ising choral concerts by leading Norweglan
socleties under the direction of Svendser

As to the character of the music rlaved br
the multitude of musical organizations, not
much can be said that ts encouraging to lovers
of the ideal. One hears quicksteps, the dance
miuste of each and every nation. the perennial
Intermezzo from “Cavalleria Rusticana,” opera-
tic fantasies, (In a word exactly the sort of
selections euited to café* and their patrons
on pleasure bent. Americans seeking melodies
to remind them of home must rest content with
@ Sousa march heard everywhere ae a very
clese second {n popularity the refrain “Oh
Listen to the Rand “with now and then “VYan-
kee Doodle” and, alas that cne tire favorite,
now relewated to the dark ages, the “Georgia
Campmeeting

Real Eetate For Sale—City or Country
edin THE SUN in piles the «ho test route

  
  

 

 
  

' vtory die) B.loftit. No b tte: md reement
of TUR SU: ata ea cetate med uu cred & revuired
than toe Hea Eetate Board of or kers, wl0 make

Ger of ites & pews a6 Wel a8 au eden me

\

Oe | Gann am