Te ee

re

ee ES ee

Rc ea inet a nt Lai aR TEESE Sac

er hr rE n ee ee

gee

wane

NEW BOOKS.

i SOME
Payne's History of America.

To a notice of the first volume of the History
of the New World Called America, by Epwarp |

 

Joum Parne (Macmillans), the opinion was
expressed that this work would supersede
every other on the subject, both as regarda
range and minutenens of research and accuracy
of deduction The optnton ts confirmed by the
second volume, which carries us to the eve
of the conquesta effected by the Spaniards

on the mainland of the Western Hemisphere, |

Not one of the 900 pages should be overlooked,
but we can only exemplify their value by potnt-
fag out how the author answers certain pivotal
questions, to wit: Was man attochthonto in
the New World, and, if we assume that he came
from Asia, how did he apread over the con-
tinent; was the degree of civilization to which
he attained Indigenous or imported, and, if
the former, under what conditions was It
evolved; as a matter of fact, what measure
of advancement did he reach In the centres
of highest development, namely, Moxico and
Peru. It is these inquiries which have hitherto
elicited widely various replies,and, consequently, |
it la the conclusions concerning them at which
the author of thi« narrative has arrived that
principally deserve attention
Contrary tothe opinion generally recelvad even
In quite recent times, it is now well established |
that the appearance of tho human race tn the
Old World dates from a period too remote for
e@aloulation by years, and only definable by
reference to geological perio s of which we
Know the succession, but not the duration
Conourrent researches in various parts of
joa have demonstrated that the same con-
fon holda gooi of the New World. In
th worlda man wis once contemporary with |
mammalian, long since axtinet, together |
bh which he live: through perio sin whieh
temperature of the northern hemisphere
a muoh lower, and a far lnrger portion
it sur was coverel with
as been ¢t

 

 

 

 

historical |
Though man unjuestlonably entered |

@ New World as an emigrant from the Old,

t for the purposes of practical investigation,

@ may be considered as oneral in eath heme
here that isto say, thetime when hehad found
way into almost every part of each half of

@ globeis'so remote that his relative antiq-
fy4n each has no bearing on the histore of his
advancement. Inaachhamiaphere, we are auth- |

ice than |
a caso during the

 

orized to believe, man remaned for many
es at the same low level of savagery above

which he here and there slowly elevate! him-
f.

 

1,

Upon what evidence is based the assertion
t man unquestionably entered the New
rid as an emigrant from the Old? The
proof that man at some extremely reniote tine
reached the Western Hemispher: as a stranger
Hen in the fact that, of the larger and more
highly organized primates, the order to which
man belongs, America affords among its Hvinz
end fossil arimals no other example than man
himself Tho lower primates abound tn
the New World, which ts possibly thetr orfginal |
home. The anthropotd primates, however, con- |
atituting together with man a distinct zodlogt- |
oa) group, separated by a broad physiological |
gulf from the lower primates, belong excluee |
fvely to the Old World, both in thelr fossil and
Mving species. In the general distribution of
animals, man is as decistvely a newcomer to
Aroerica as he is in Australia: he has intruded
into a z06logieal province to which he does
mot belong, though his presence in America
dates back to an extremely remote tima We
are, therefore, precluded from regarding the
primitive man of America as even possib!y
autochthonic. Had he been autochthonic,
{inferior anthropoid animals such as still co-
exist and once coexteted in greater numbers
with the human races of the Old World, would
undoubtedly have been found side by side with
man in the New World also. Again, when wo
consider the physiological variety which the
human race exhibits, we must pronounce it
scarcely possible that, had America produced
nome indigenous human type, that type would
closely resemble in its features the contem-
porary peoples of that part of the Old World
where the two continents most nearly approach
each other. Now all competent observers
from Vespuocl to Von Taohudi have noticed the
striking likeness between the natives of Amerioa
and those of northern Asia. Almost the first
observation made about the natives in the first
voyage of Vespucol is that their broad faces
are like those of Tatars. That the American
ttook 1s either a branch of the stock which has
peopled the northern parts of the Old World
or that the two stocks had a common ancestry
{on some other region appears from ita phys-
fological features and is corroborated hy the
‘act that in both worlds the lowest level at which

manity ts found ts approximately the same.
Por the physiological data which establish
connection we refer the reader to Mr.

!
|
|

hortheastern extremity of Asia and the
fporthwestern extremity of America. It is here
that the New World and the Old, separated
nly by « shallow strait, most nearly approach
each other. Were the ocean diminished in
depth by only thirty fathoms, or were the land
Wlevated to a corresponding extent, a cause-
‘way thirty miles tn breadth would appear con-
neoting the two continents. It is well known
that Behring Strait has been formed since the
tertiary period, and that such a causeway once
existed, to which Americun geologists huve
given the name of the “Miocene Bridge.” It
certain that during a period extremely fertile
the production of mammals, the lands which
Asia and America witnessed the
many species belonging to that cluss
from one hemisphere to the other. In some
tmstances these species passed from America
to Asia; in other cases they made their way in
opposite direction. Thus horses, deer and
camels are thought to have originuted on Ameri-
and to have passed subsequently to the
World; bears and antelopes, on the other
to have been produced in the Old
have spread thence to America.
ve seen, is an animal of the Old
although the tertiary beds have
no undoubtedly contempo-
remains, {t is generally agreed
species must have been in ex-
during the Pliocene or late tertiary
Was man among thore animals be-
to the Old World which found their
to the New while the two continents were
uous? Such a view derives some prob-
from the fact that other animals common
northern hemisphere in both worlds,
present in each the same essential
it tn minor points just such a
tion as may well be referred
on following the disappearance of
connection between the two
Thus, the American mammoth,
. elk, polar hare and marmot resemble
t of the Old World 80 closely as to be only
distinguishable in minute particulars: the same
may beeald of American man. Such facta point
to the submergence of the Miocene Bridge as
an event, geologically speaking, comparatively
recent, as having taken place subsequently to
the appearance of man in the New World,
The suggestion is confirmed when we take tnto
consideration the climatic conditions which
prevailed {n the tertiary age. In that remote
period the region surrounding the Nerth Pole
enjoyed a comparatively mild climate; Spitz-
bergen and Greenland were clothed with the
vegetation of Virginia and North Carolina.
Most of the animals and plants of the north
temperate sone flourished on the shores of

28
Hi

<
2
g

human
human

Ht

a:

Ee
re

s
2

i

i

which subsequently overspread much of Murope
and North America ultimately drove them
far toward the torrid zone. In the course of
his compulsory transportation many species
Derished. Six species of the horse, for instance,
and two species of elephants perished in America.
Man, who undoubtedly had to contend with the
conditions produced by the glacial period,
was possibly, and even prebably, the compan-
on of these animals during the entire process of
southward migration, and survived them

The glacial drift of Narth Amertea, which
affords the best positive evidence extant as
to the earliest inhabitants of the continent,
Presents us with nothing inconaistent with the
hypothesis that man existed in the New World
before the glacial age, having migrated from

   

  

 

= —————ES——

the Old World in tertiary times.
man's presence in the form of chipped stone
weapons and implements have been yielded
by this drift in several places at short distances
from the southern boundary of the great Amert-
can io sheet. Nothing more is actually |
proved by the stone tmplemonts of New Jersey, |
Ohio, Indiana and Minnesota than that man |
dwelt near the margin of the ioe sheet when
at it greatest extension, an epoch which the |
moat recent estimates place at something lens
than 8,000 years agu, or about the date of the
dawn of O14 World civilization in Egypt. It
would doubtless be natural for immigrants from |
Asia who had passed along the edge of the loe- }
covered continent, whether by sea or by land,
as far as the southern boundary of the foe
sheet, to wander into the interior on reaching
the zons of animal and vegetable life, and to
eatablish themselves near the line which marks
the aouthern marain of the io, Having re-
gard, however, to the considerations before
montioned, it appears equally Rrobepie that
man, having entered the New World before
the feo age, hold the line of geographical sta-
tiona whioh thease implements indicate, In con-
sequences of having been driven southward to
that line, Other Old World species, we know
ara fact, have been thus driven southward: the
bones of animal@ belonging to thoae species
are found in or near to the glacial deposits
which furnish our evidence of human occupa-
tion me among these animals have always
been among the favorite prey of man. All
creatures follow their food: man, it may be |
coneluded, the most resolute and ingenious of
predatory animals, would, unless ghectusel y pre-
cluded by physical conditions, have followe
hia prey from the Old World to the New.

i.

Setting aside the consideration that the shal-
low san which separates northeastern Aala
from northwestern America ts of recent origin,
we know that, unlike the ceep and broad ocean
which separates the two worl's on the other
side of the alobe, it has never been a serious ob-
stacle to intarcourse between the shores which
{t saparates. The tribes which inhabit those
shores belong to the same stock and speak cia-
lects of the aame language They are well |
known to each other, for the Tehukehis of ws |
|

 

 

Asiatic aida constantly visit America, where

| they procure supplies of furs and walrus teeth,

while the American Fajuimaux extend their
hunting and fishing etpelitions to Asia In
winter the straitis narrowed by foe floes which
unite in large masses: and, after a snowfall, the
Diomede Islands, in the middle of thestrait from
which both shores are visible, can be reached
in sledges. America is even said to be some
timas visible from the Asiaticaita of the strait,
an! the first Russian explorers who visite! the
Tehukelils laarned from them that, on the enat-
ern siceof theastralt, there was a vast island
which they calle! the “Great Country,” which
could be reached by boats in two days. The
relative aspect of the two shores would appear

| to hold out a direct inducement to migration

from Asia to America While the Asiatic coast
is axposed and barren, and covered during most
of the year with snow and ice, that of America,
protectel on the east by mountains, is open to
the milder westerly winds, and is washed by a
comparatively warm ocean current Hance, in

| its more genial climate, vegetation is better

develope’, and green foresta are even found
here and there extending to the sea

The driftwood from America supplies the
Tehukehis with fuel; animal life, too, is more
abundant on the American eide of the strait,
and furs of many kinds unknown in Siberia
may be procured. Further southward the
sea and rivers teem with fish. If these appar-
ently favorable geographical conditions ever
constituted an inducement to immigration,
this inducement must have been a permanent
one, though It would be subject to interruption
by a state of war, such as has withio historical
times existed between the peoples iuhabiting
the opposite coasts or by temporary depopula-
tion on the Asiatio side. When it is considered,
however, that the northeast of Siberia must,
during existing climatic conditions, have al-
ways been very thinly peopled, no great infil-
tration of population can have taken place,
even during a considerable period; and we are
irresistibly referred to earlier times—to the
tertiary period, when man's occupation of the
New World was an easy and natural process,
and to the glacial period, an age when the land
was less deeply submerged in the ocean,and when
broad littoral plains, washed by a warm ocean
ourrent, stretohed in a vast are from California
to northern Asia—as the period during which
the New World received the main body of that
population which it actually drew from the Old. |

Nor is Behring Strait the only place where
even existing conditions might well attract man
from Asia to America. Bounding the Sea of
Behring on the south, and connecting the Astatic
peninsula of Kamtchatka with the American
peninsula of Alaska, there stretches the vol-
eantc chain of the Aleutian Islands, whereof’
the coast of Northwestern America, with its
innumerable inlets and channels, formed by
islands and peninsulas which break its uni-
formity as far south as the Columbia River, is a
natural continuation, To some travellers who
have explored this natural maritime connection

between the two worlds, it has appeared to
afford in itself a sufficient solution of the ques-
9 erican population. From the extrem-
it of Asia to the middle of the coastline of
North America there &@ continuous succes-
o8 of tribes navigating the ocean and deriving
their eubsistence from it: nor is it poasible to
etermine were the Asiatic element ends and
the Ame gan ins, the shell heaps on the
the Aleutian Islands afford evidence of
an early popniation similar jo mode of life to
that whioh long inhabited t merican coasts,
it appears likely that this connection has ex-
is m femote times. It is, however, aa.
mitt y our author that communication be
tween the two continents by wey of the Aleutian
Islands Sreeuppeces a of skill in naviga-
tion far in ares of what {* required for the
pane © of Behring Strait: for ‘he chain is in-
rrupted by considerable reaches of ocean,
eeseneng @ one instance to 285 miles. On this
ground Mr. Payne holda that sound criticiem
will deny the practicability of the Aleutian
Islands as a route of migration for man in the
atage of advancement in which he existed in
merica at the time of the discovery by Cotum-
us, It is, howeve » conceded that to this route
may stibly due the presence in the New
rid of ame of those advanced maritime
tr of by 2 northwest coast who have been
meyines, denominated the “Northmen of the
‘ew World.

itt,

Assuming that man entered the New World
from the Old, how are we to suppose that he
spread over the Western Hom{sphere? The early
history of man fn America appears to turn onone
great fact—prolonged glaciation. This affected,
in the first place, the northern margin to an
extent well known to geologists; and, in the
second place, the great mountain range which
rises like a wall parallel to the Pacific shore, to
an extent not ascertained, though, probably,
throughout its entire length. Assuming that
man entered the New World in pre-glacial |
times, glaciation must, during long ages, have
driven him, together with the animals on which
he subsisted, from the greater part of the north-
ern continent. South America, east of the
Andes, and of the so-called moniafta-— which
were probably overspread by ice—and some
portion of southern North America, together
with the northwest coast, could alone have
harbored him. As the ice receded in North
America,there may have heen some movement
on the part of the pre-glacial settlers in a north-
erly direction; but the reoccupation of the once
glaciated area was probably delayed until the
Rocky Mountains were sufficiently clear vo) Ice
to allow them to be crossed from the Pacific |
side. In the many fluctuations of the glacial
period, the route from Northern Siberia by |
way of the Mackenzie River inay have been |
reopened and again closed; other streams of |
immigrants may thus have spread over the |

COASTS O

general area of the continent, largely occupying
the northern alf, but possibly pushing their
way into South America also. Here, as the
foe covering gradually vanished from the moin
tain side, the more robust tribes would seek the
higher levels of the montofia, and thus make |

their way to the valleys of the plateau. Eth-
nologista recognize in the Old World a Pa'wo- |
ethnic and a Neo-ethnic period, in the latter of |
which the human race appears to have been
physically better developed than in the former. |
Mr. Payne finds indications of a similar ethnical
succession in America. The interval separate
ing the two periods corresponds, he thinks, to
the interval dividing pre-glacial from Post- |
Glacial times

Hence it seems probable to our author that
the races of diminutive stature which occur

Proofs of | here and there in America, and are evidently

| been comparatively small and feeble,
| quartor of the Old World we encounter traces

| character distinct from that of the robust Indians

| ments further south war

| resemblance between an ancient Mexican game |

 

 

 

the remains of inhabitants who have been die
possessed by the existing natives, represent
the first or palmoethajo men who primerily
wandered from the Old World to the New, It
is true that the traditions of Mexico, Ecuador
and Peru, like those of the Old World, represent
a race of giunts as having preceded the existing
human species, The oldest human remains,
on the contrary, prove the earliest men to have
In every

of small races, races extinct In Furope, where
they are represented by the Stone Age mon of
Switzerland, but still recognizble in the Veddah
of Ceylon and the dwarfs of the Central African
forests. The same thing occurs in Ameriea,
and evidence is accumulating which tands to
show that the Western continent was overrun in |
the earliest times by «a «mall race of a physical

!
|
|

of the present day. Three skulls found to the
Trenton gravel and now inthe Peabody Museum
at Cumbridge, Mass., are of small size and oval
shape: they are of a distinct type, and, in the |
optnion of Prof. Putnam, belong to a stock
now destroyed or lost by mixture with others
during the many thousand years which have
passed since man first dwelt tn the Delaware
Valley. The aborigines encountered by the

Northmen were of smal} stature; ancient jn ter

Ain leate that a dimin-
idely diffused in the interior
In South America, where
ight be expect to
ations ure met with
ing to the traditions

utive race Was W
of North Aniwrica,
an archaic population z
survive longest, such in

in wll directions, Ageor A
of the inhabitants of the Chineha Valley in Peru

their ancestors at their immigration found tt
peopled by a dwarf race whose bones were stil
exhibited at the Conquest, Further southwar

such u race survives to this duy in the +
Changos of the Tarapaca pampus on_ the Pa-

cifle, deseribed as ‘never exceeding § feet in

helaht, fishing in bowts of influted sealsk ins,

and sleeping peil-neli in sealskin huts on heaps

of seaweed." Tha Comechingones of the Ar-

entine plain, who have lon@ vanished before

the powerful race of the pampus, were equally |
diminutive. Mr. Payne thinks that they were
the descendants of the «mall dolichocephaliec
people who, 4@ recent axplorutions prove, once
inhabited Argentinaand Patagonia. Themeni- |
ory of these pvamies long survired their dis-

appearance, and so recently ag 1757 one was
reported to have been captured by the*®Chirl-
huanos in the Gran Chaoo,

 

Iv.

We pass to the question whether the so-called
elvilization of the New World was {ndigenous
or imported. Mr. Payne deems indefensible
the theory which regards the elements of ad-
vancement found in the New World as derived
wholly or partially from Japan or China, and,
possibly, through these countries from civil-
izations still further weetward. This fantastic
{dea, born of ethnological speculation in its |
crudest form, received in the last century from |
a misunderstood record, found in the Chinese
annals by the lexicographer De Guignes, an
impulse powerful enough to survive when |
the misinterpretation had been decisively
corrected, Our author considers it worth
notice chiefly as illustrating the Kuropean ten-
dency to refer everything American to some
apecifie Old World source, As a@ Spanish |
theologian eonvineed himaelf of the Jawlsh
origin of the American tribes, so ethnologists
eagerly seized the idea of a Chinese or Japa- |
nese origin of such culture as Americans pos-
sessed: the latter suggestion, moreover, har-
monized with a widespread belfef that the
American tribes were of a trpe specifically |
diferent from and lower than Old World man,
if, indeed, they ranked as men at all, and were
incapable of working out the problems of ad-
vancement for themselves,

For the history of this {llusfon the reader ts |
referred to Dr. Justin Winsor’s “Narrative and
Critieal History of America:” only a bare outline
of it is given in the book before us. The record
above mentior * ‘ound tn the Chinese annals, |
vouches for the d wovery by a Ruddhist mis-
stonary of a distan. country, named® Fu-Sang,”
in the fifth century of the Christian era. This
country was supposed by De Gulgneés to have
been that part of the New World now known
as British Coluinbia. Others held that Fu-Sang
could bave been none other than Mexico; and
the origin of American advancement was forth-
with ascribed ta.a connection presumed to have
been founded on stmilar voyages. Mr. Payne
would not represent it as impossible that ships
may from time to time have drifted hundreds
of miles from Chinese and Japanese waters and
have brought back credible intelligence of
lands previously unknown: and such venasels,
it is admitted, may possibly have reached Kam-
tchatka, the Aleutian [Islands and even the
peninsula of Alaska. Von Tschudi, while sum-
marily rejecting any interpretation of the
voyage to Fu-fangas the foundation of Amerl-
can advancement, concludes on the authority
of the Chineseand Japanese annals that in the
seventh and eighth centuries of our era, if not
earlier, both Chinese and Japanese veseels aotu-
ally reached both Kamtchatka and Alaska.
Neither of these, however, could have been Fu-
Sang, for Klaproth has shown its identity w'th
some island of the Japanese group. Neither of |
them can be regarded as a promising starting- |
point for imported advancement: and the histor-
ical significance of sich voyages, if they ever
took place, may be measured by the fact that so |
gecently as 350 years after the discovery by |
Columbus no Chinese vessel was known to have
crossed the Pacific to the New World,

What chiefly gave wide currency to the doc- |
trine of imported advancement was its adop- |
tion by Alexander von Aumboldt, whose ac- |
quirements as an Americaniat, notwithstanding
his considerable attainments in the physical |
solences, were, at the time when he adopted
this doctrine, of the scantiest description.
In his earliest publication, written soon after
his visit to Mexico, he suggestedthat “some
of those Asiatic priestiy colonies whom mystic
dreams sometimes impel to embark on long
voyages, may have been driven by storms
to the ooasts of New California,” and, in a
later work embodying many interesting glean-
ings from American arch@ology, mingled
with much that is spurious, and some crude
speculations of his own, he adduced certain
imaginary resemblances between the calendars,
of China and Mexico, which have nothing what-
ever in common, as substantia) evidence of bor-
rowed culture. He supplemented this by
other arguments, of which the following are
fair specimens: The Mexican hieroglyph for
water resembles the Phonician letter Mem
which has passed into the Greek alphabet:
the Mexican word “aii” is itself preserved in
atelkusa, the name given to their former dis-
trict of residence by the Hungarians on the
lower Danube; the Maya names for their
twenty days are in several cases monosyllabic,
and appear to belong to the monosyllabic dis-
tricts of Eastern Asia; the Chinese termina-
tlon “tain” occurs in many Mexican proper
names as Tonantsin, Acamapitsin., &c,

Prof. Tylor more plausibly insists on the

 

 

of hazard usually known as “patolli” and the |
modern Hindoo game of “pachisi,” as addi-
tional evi ‘ence to the same effect. The exist-
ence in both continents of myths relating to |
successive deatructions and renovations of
nature and of the art of mixing copper with |
tin to form bronze have also been thought to
support the theory of a connection hatween
their populations in some stage of culture ap-
precte ly Advance’ beyonu savagory. But, as
Mr. Payne pointed out in his first volume, the
myths in question seem to arise naturally
wherever mau speculates on the phenomena on
woleh they arefounte: The practice of mix-
jug coppér and tin, metals which occur, in Mex-
feo as in Cornwall, in close proximity, the locas |
containing each often actually crossing each
omer, Ant which probably have been from
early times both accicentally and purposely
mixe! in smelting, can scarcely be avmisatble
evitencea of ethnic communfeation. Rather
from respect for the names associated with
the arguments from ealendars and hazard
gatnes than from any sense of thetr real im- |
vortanee, Mr Payne examines them closely, |
rst, however, reviewing what acavocates of |
imported avvancement left unnoticed
namely, the peculiar vicena sysiem o

Arithmetic on which the Mexican calendar
and games of chance were alike base

 

ave

After refuting at considerable length the
arguinents based upon alk ged resemblances
in calendars and hazard games, Mr, Payne pro-
coeds to show that even were such arguments
well founded, the advocates of imported culture
would still be confronted by a formidable dif.
fleulty. The higher ferms of soctal advance.
meut have always been based on the artificial

 

SENT RL. TR HIE Osi MG

ahhh KEE hl

oe THE sun, ‘sUNDAY. AUGUST "19, 1900, Priee

| better nature

el

 

aed

 

production of food; there is reason to believe tinuoualy
that the conversion by man of natural food | to the year,
supplies into an artificial basis of subsistence | marking the

duties; annual calendars inscribed on papers practice were registered by the quipu or

was an aliiort spontaneous process, thoke
plante and anirals having been selected in each
district which were naturally beat adapted for
serving this purpose. If advancement was at
some remote time imported from the Old World
into the New, how happens it that, at the dis
covery, all the domesticated animals and nearly
all the cultivated food planta of the Old World,
were either wanting or exiated only in a wild
state in the New World? flow happens it that
the chief seats of American advancement were
far removed from those tracts of the New
World which an {mported advancement would
firat have reached, and in which it would read-
{ly have taken permanent root? How happens
{t that in each case thene aeata were in fact pre-
pared for becoming the cradles of progress by
some peculiar combination of indigenous apti-
tudes. Mexico having been thus qualified by
its sultability for maize growing, and the pres
ence of the pulque aloe; the “Quichua” or “tem-
perate” valleys of Peru by the equal facilities
they afforded for breeding the llama and for
the cultivation of maize and pepper? It ts cer-
tain that every useful animal capable of domes
tication had been domesticated, and every tn-
digenous plant capable of serving alimentary
or sub-alimentary purposes, or the purpose
scarcely leas important, though non-alimentary,
of supporting nerve and brain by some atimu-
lant property, had been reduced to cultivation by
the Ameriean aborigines at the time of the dis
coverr. To suppose that a race capableof this
feat—the more astonishing the more closely it
{s examined. -was incapable of counting 365 days
to the year, and of bringing the game of “throw
and score” to the shane in which it existed in
Mexico is surely repugnant to reason: nor is it
oredible that the introduction of either time
reokonings or pastimes of any desaription into
the New World from the Old should not have

| been preceded or accompanied or followed by

the communication of those fundamental ele-

| ments of all advancement—to wit, useful ani-

mals and alimentary planta, Iron, tt should be
added, an ingredient of the firat importance in
the middle and higher advanoement had been
known throughout eastern Asia from remote
times, No people of the Old World, it may be
affirmed without hesitation, who possessed a cal-
endar, were deetitute ofiron(mplements. Yet no
trace of tron implementa, so far ax we know,
has ever been found in Ameriea, except among
the Faquimaux, who obtained them from Si-
beria, and certainiv have not inherited any
of the advanoaments of civilized Asia

Tt may perhaps be contended that, as mon
dagenerates more rapidly than he advances,
the cultura of Mexico may well represent
Asiatic advanceat barbariam or civilization
{n a state of retrogression or cecay, mingled
with and overhorne by a persistent in“igenous
savagery. Plausible as the suggestion may

| 8@em, couched in the varblage of abstraction,

{t collapses In Mr. Payne's opinion when sub-
Jected to the test of concrete particulars.
What element of advancement can be atducet
as to which such an allegation can he made
with the least semblance of probability? In
this book will be found enumerated every
{tem of American advancement, and each
will be found traced to its root in savagery.
In the history of none can be,detected the
least asian of decline or retrogression. De
cline thera undoubtedly was in aboriginal
merica, as alaewheare but it was a moral and
p yaienl declina, affecting man himself through
fs animal habits and panes rather than the
{mmortal arta created by the genius of his
All the arts. as ther are trace-
able in the New World exhibit the marke of
promrses To take only a single illustration,
fr Payne he shown the Maxican calendar
to ba heron
andineapable of having originate?4 in the time-
reckonings of Enstern Asia. Every fact

| adduced by him shows it to have been pro-

gressive ani to have been In a state of prog-
ress when the Spaniards became nequainted
with it Had the Mexican advancement con-
tinued unbroken by the Spanish invasion,
{t is by no means {mpossible that the birth-
cycle might have been abandoned as a check
on the civil reokoning, that the yoars might
have been enumerate) in a continuous series
nd that a blesextile correction might have
ean introduced when observation had at-
tained sufficiont accuracy to suggast it Nor
waa this process of improvement confined
to the arts and rciences’ Mr. Payne shows
that {t extended to religious conceptions, al-
though subject to the usual tendency to re

fon, and that the so-called Covenant of the
io¢s was already producing ita natural fruit
tn a simplifie! theology, and in some limited
development of a true ethical syatem based
on conselence and the neads of soclery.

 

vi.

What was the graie of social advancement
reached in Maxico on the one hand and in
Paru on the other? Our author's reply to this
Question differs equally from the views of those
who have exaggerate! the degree of civilization
reached in those countries hofore the Spanish
conquest, and from the views of those who
recently have seeme1 disposed to lower that
gerade almost to the level attained by the Iro-
quois in central New York, or exemplified
fn the extant pueblos of New Mexico. Mr.
Payne regards the Mexican advancement
as a unique example of barbarism, remarkable
alike as the nearest approximation to elvilized
life among the American aborigines, and as
the highest culture attained In any community
whatever without the aid of larga domesticated
animals. It presents undoubtedly tncongrul-
ties which at frat sight are startling and per-
Plexing: these, however, do not arise out of
{ts essential elements, and our author would
explain them by the circumstances {n which
the advancement was produced. He main-
tains that the essentials of advancement, to
wit: an artificial food supply and a system
of defence, are everywhere the same: in Mexico
both were adequatel:, {f not abundantly,
provided. The food basis comprised all in-
digenous food plants capab'e of being artif-
cially produced, besides the few indigenous
animals amenable to domestication: and tn a
district peculiarly liable to the failure of crops
through cold, drought and destructive insects,
a jand system, which secured the bulk of the
produce to the governing class and insured the
storage of grain in sufficient quantities to faed
the whole population during several years.
At the Conquest nearly seventy years had
elapsed since the lastseriousfamina Although
newcomers of other stocks had been allowed
to establish themselves in the district of Ana-
huac and the two great dominant pueblos
of Mexico and Tezouco alike owed their origin
to tribes which had thus intruded, hostile in-
vasion was unknown, and thesettlement effected
by the Nahuatlacan immigration had not been
materially disturbed.

The defensive organization secured at the
same time the cultivation of the sofl, the wor-
ship of the gods and the general order of the
community. Chiefly based, as the dominion
expanded, on the feudal sretem, though the
ancient tribal system partially survived, this
organization fostered agriculture, favored the
increase of wealth and population, and pro-
moted genera! industry; social and family dis-
clpline were firmly established; a customary
luw was rogularly administered by qualified
oMicials and a general code of duty was recog-
nized, binding the ruling and the industrial
clusses together as a single people who derived
from it their distinctive name, In these favor-
able circumstances property hud Increased,

| and trade had naturally followed the accumu-

lation of property. Not only hud the exchange
of commodities become common but there
was « large inlund commerce, an export trade
was springing up which possibly might huve
led to u great widening of the fleld of knowl-

| edge and enterprise, and there were several

recognized standards of vulue. fAlabits of

| life hud reached some degree of refinement; the

useful arts were well understood, and the prep-
aration of food und drink, the manufacture of
clothing, and the internal decoration of houses
had attained the stage of positive luxury. The
various forms of craftsmanship were sepa-

| rately taught and practised; they were hered-

itary in families, and specially cultivated in
different pueblos; thus, at the Conquest, Cho-
lula was famous for its potters, Arcupozalco
for its goldsmiths. Arithmetic, the foundation
of the sciences, was in general use for many
purposes, though its application was greatly
impeded by the cumbrous processes involved
in the vieenary system

Although there was no standard of measure-
ment in space, the course of time was cone

ransonnhle doubt intigenous |

bea a

 

 

reckoned in days on the basis of 365
and divided into periods of twenty,
sequence of religious and ofvil

and skins were In common use, and chrono
logical records carried the knowledge of events
back through the historical past far into the
region of fable. Such documents when In-
tended to be kept permanently were often
executed with extraordinary care; they exhibit
great skill in drawing und some sense of har-
mony in coloring; the Mexican draughtamen
were undentably inapired by the genius of their
art, though originality was checked by the
conventional ferme which they commonly
adopted. Pinturas of ruder execution served

 

to describe matters of minor or temporary ime |

portance, pictographic symbols denoting the
vioonary weries of numbers asalated in caleu-
lation. Lastly, together with the species and
quantity of the tributes payable by the various

| pueblos, the proper name of each pueblo was

, tentative fashion,

|
!
i

'

 

pictorlally recorded, though only in a rude and
the pictographic art had
thus been pursued to the threshold of its final
stage, in which It turns from the representa-
tion of things to the representation of the words
by which things are denoted. At this point
its progress was arrested. The Nahuatlaca
had nothing in the nature of a general sylla-
bary, much leas an alphabet; analyals of the
phonetic elementa was unknown, nor had
they any means of visibly recording the simplest
grammatical sentence.

In vivid contrast to these remarkable proofs
of progress nothing can be clearer than the
fact that, substantially, the advancement of
Mexico rested for support on a system of per-
petual extortion from defenceless tributaries
and a system of perpetual war remorselessly
maintained against neighboring peoples, o#-
tensibly to prooure victims for sacrifice, but
really to provide animal food for consumption
by the privileged class engaged in it; and the
religious ritual had been so expanded as to
insure for them, by a sacred and permanent
sanction, an almost continuous cannibal car-
nival. This last feature throws a deep shadow
over the latest Nahuatlacan advancement and
seems painfully incongruous with its high grade
of general progress. But Anahuac, it must
be remembered, was devold of large animals,
capable of furnishing a regular supply of labor-
power and food: in both respects man had
rere to fulfll an economic function assigned
elsewhere to the brutes. Hence human energy,
in Mexico alone smeog advanced communities,
was largely sustained by feeding on human
flesh, and relled on forced human labor aa ite
necessary auxijiary. If the more revolting
of these facts ts usually absent from nascent
civilization it is because nature had elsewhere
rovided cheap and abundant substitutes for
human flesh considered ae an article of food.
That this organized cannibalism, fortified by
a religious sanction was, in fact, a natural, if not
aneceassary, outgrowth of etroumstances is indi-
cated by the fact that from Mexico, where lt was
admittediy first developed, it apread to all the
great dominant pueblos of Anahuac. It was
introduced into Tezcuco against the will of
i head chief, who personally adhered to the
more rational and less sanguinary religion of
his forefathers, It was adopted in other
pueblos, notably in Tlaxecallan and Cholula
where the ancient Tolteo god, Quetealcohuat
who had once refused human sacrificas, wus
worshipped ut the Conquest with ritas borrowed
from the religion of the sanguinuary god,
Tezeatlitoca: and there is little doubt that it
existed among the warlike Tarasca of Mechoa-

} can, whose resistance checked the extension

of the Mextcun dominion on the west. To
(be ouatward, beyond the isthmus of Tehuante-

. among the descendants of the Toltecs
n the Intarior of Yucatan, it es never to
hare penetrated, though it was found tn the
more recent Nabuatiacan settlements on the
coast. The Mexicans, indsed, were uneasily
conscious that Yucatan was the seat of powerful
tribes, who atfl obaved the ahoant Toltea
deity, whom Tezcutlitoca had supplanted;
and a bellef wus current among them at the

| Conguest that he would one day return at the

head of his followers to destroy the dominion
of the lake pueblos, together with the odious
religion by which it was supported. The same
belief was cherished by the Totomacs of jhe
coast, Who groaned under the Mericoan roke,
and both these and their Mexican masters
at first recognized the Spaniards as the long-
expected newcomers who would overthrow
the hateful syetem of extortion and cannibal-
fem which Anahuae impatiendy endured, and
restore it to freedom and the worship of
Quetzalcohuatl

vil.

The worst features of Mexican life—ite can-
nibalism and its perpetual wars waged for the
sole purpose of capturing prisoners to be sacri-
ficed and eaten--were absent in Peru, where
the huanaco and vicufia abounded, both in
the wild and the domestic state and furnished a
suMficiency of animal food for a relatively thin
population; for the same reason, famines were
in Peru unknown, although in the colder dis
triets it was not uncommon for the crops to
fail In three yeare out of every five. Herds
mansbip, always more favorable to material
than to intellectual progress, here had a pecu-
liar effect in determining the course of advance-
ment. Trained to habits of command and
foresight by the domestication of the |Iama,
the invading tribes from the South beheld in
the stolid aborigines of the Peruvian cordil-
lera an inferior species of mau over whom a
similar dominion could be exercised. Easily
reduced to submission, these aborigines were
thenceforth treated as animals, destined like
the llama to labor in herds under the direction
of their masters, The Camayocs, or super-
visors, to whose care they were committed,
numbered them, classified them and registered
them according to their age and consequent
capacity for work; like the lamas, they were
divided into male and female flocks, some set
apart for the service of the huacas (deities),
among whom the Sun ranked first in {mport-
ance—others for the Capac-Inca; provision
was made for feeding and clothing them; their
rexual alliances were re@ulated by the govern-
ing authority; like the llamas, they were trans-
ported in large numbers, whether permanently
or for some temporary purpose, from one dis-
trict to another—a practice facilitated by the
vast extent of the Inca dominion The domi-
nant neople itself patiently conformed to a
similar system of regulations directed by the
chiefs in whom the supreme command was
vested.

The warriora who here, owing to the wide
extent of the dominion, formed, relatively to
the mass of the people, a larger body
than in Mexico, were largely drawn from the
peasantry, and the organization by which the
dominion was extended supplied the labor em-
ployed in the works by which it was conaoll-
dated. As conquests advanced, roads and
bridges had to be made to render the new ter-
ritorles accessible: terraces and acequias had
to be formed to make the territories available
for agriculture; groups of buildings had to be
erected in each district, buildings known as
Inca tampus or Inca houses, consisting of store-
houses, dwellings for the garrison and the
Capac-Tnea, honses for the Bun and for the
women assigned to his service. The existing
monuments of the Inca domination bear witness
to an eneray and a command of labor equal to
that of some ear!r civilizations of the Old World,
and far more than adequate to the recuire-
ments which called them forth. For instance,
shortly before the Spanish conquest, Huaina
Capac caused stones for building the Inca
houses at Quito and Tumipampa to be brought
from the quarries of Cuzco, a distance of 1,000
miles, along one of the most dificult routes
In the world, and he often boasted that when
nothing else remained to employ his subjects
he would have them remove a mountain from
its seat and rebuild {t elsewhere,

Mr. Payne thinks that a despotism thus
prematurely developed probably tended to
check mental advancement in its beginnings:
he points out that the South American stocks
in general appear to have been less capable of
improvement than their northern neighbors.
These considerations, however, scarcely ex-
plain the fact that a people who pu: forth the
immense material foree evinced by the Inca
dominion and its monuments remained intel-
lectually at a level far lower than that reached
in Mextoo and scarcely surpassing the higher
savagery of North America. Our author
would find the @&hief reason in the compara-
tively short time,"scarcely more than a century,
which at the date of the Spanish conquest
had elapsed since the foundation of the enlarged
Inca dominion. Vast as was its extent, it
was still in its infancy, having been founded
by the grandfather of Huaina Capac, who
died only a few years before the invasion of
Peru by Pizarro. The Intellectual progress
of Mexico was principally based on the com-
bined application of arithmetic and pictography

ee

 

   
  
   
  

 

to the practical purposes of life. Each of
elements existed in Peru, but ina less developed
form, nor had any steps been taken to com-

» reckonings known in
bine them. The only on

limited to rude déc-

> h war
cord. Pletography ww 8, and was chiefly

orative carvings and painting
used in the sranmenatien of pottery. There
was no commerce, and, therefore, no standard
of value Even pottery and metal working
soarcely ranked as special forms of crafta-
manship; every individual, male or female,
practised all the various arte of life, as ocoa-
sion might require. Like many other pastoral
peoples, the Peruvians of the clerra retained
the general character of hunters: the very con-
ditions, indeed, of herdamanship in thelr coun-
try prevented a total abandonment of the hunter
life. Long after herds of lamas and pacos
had been formed, the wild huanaco and vieufia
atill multiplied in the higher and remoter parts
of the mountains, and as the tame herds ine
creased rapidly and were kept in open pastures,
the wild atock was continuously recruited by
aniinals which had escaped from captivity and
become feral.

The tame and the wild herds were alike
treated as tribal property; deer and amall game
still contributed to the food supply; hence the
Peruvian herdsman remained to some extent
a hunter, and the tribal district retained the
acale necessary in the hunter stale, Although
the pueblo, here, as elsewhere, was the unit
of soctal life and history, {t remained for the
most part undeveloped, and the sierra was
territorially divided among many different
tribes, each occupying an extensive district,
and known by a collective name. Such peo-
ples, after a period of war in which their
strength is tested, form alliances and unite
in larger groups; finally, the sway of some
powerful tribe, centralized in a fortified pueblo,
is extended over a considerable area, To
such causes, apparently, the fact is due that
a people far below the Nahuatlaca in gen eral
advancement eatablished in Peru within a
short time, and over a district presenting
formidable obstacles, the most extensive and
highly organized dominion of the aborigines
in the New World

When the conquering race entered Peru
from the south, both the sierra and the coast
valleys had long been peopled in every part;
and, down to the Spanish conquest, great num-
bers of “hahuasimi,” or “foreign§ languages,”
so called in contrast to the Quichua and Ay-
mara of the invaders, are said to have been
still spoken among these aborigina) tribes,
almost every valley having a language of its
own, Many of these were doubtless mere
dialects: in any case, this great variety of
languages seems rather to indicate a pro-
longed isolation of each petty tribe in ite own
valley than descent from many different lin-
guistic stocks, although the forests east of the
Andes from which these tribes had emigrated
have always abounded in small groups, speaking
mutually unintelligible languages,

To some extent this primitive population
may have represented the movement of man
in the earliest ages along the Pacific shore;
tradition alleged that the founders of the north-

ernmost coast pueblos had arrived from
the North by sea within historical times. More
largely the population found in Peru by the

conquering race must have consisted of imml-
grants rom the forest of Brazit who had fol-
owed the Maranon and Ucayali, the parent
streams of the Amazon River, to their sources
in the sierra, and either settled in ita higher
valleys or descended {ts western glopes, and
oocupled the maritime tract at its base, Our
author can find no reason to infer that these
early dwellers in the sierra had risen appre-
clably above the sevage grade: subsistence

ust have been difficult, and the diversity
of languages indicates that each group of set-
tlers, asa rile, was confined to the spot chosen
as {ts dwelling place. In the coast 4 ey4,
on the other hand, both subsistence and inter-
comminicaudion were easier; and monuments
of a culture older than and, in some respecta,
superior to, that of the conquering people
of the sierra exist here in abundance. Scat-
tered at intervals along a shore 450 miles in
length, wherever the streams descending
from the. westarn Andes cross the arid Yunca-
pate and produce oases of varying extent,
are thea remains of vast adobe-puilt pueblos;
of lofty pyramidal mounds similarly con-
stricted and used as burial places; of chiefs’
reeldences ang “great-houses,” once Jointly
occupled by clans, planned on a large scale,
and Capab @ of housing a Numerous pomulation:
of irrigation works and terraces by which the
scanty waters of the mountain streams were
hoarded and the soil was utilized to the utmost;
gf rude fortres eurmounting conspicuous
ille, and indicating that here, as everywhere
else, nascent civilization stood on its defence.
In the midst of these are found other monu-
mente easily recognizable as the work of the
gronger Inca race which broke down (ile
efence and destroyed an advancement earlier
and not less interesting than their own.

 

vir.

While the northern and middle sections of
Peru, including both the sierra and the coast
valleys, were overspread in early times by Im-
migrants from the foreated basin of the Ama-
zon River, the Quichua-Aymararace, ultimately
destined to dominate the country in its whole
extent, approached it at a comparatively re-
cent date from the southeast. The previous
home of this race appears to have been the
highland district of Bolivia, the great counter-
fort of the Andes which separated the once-
existing Moxos Lake from the ancient Argan-
tine Sea, and now stretches eastward
from beneath the lofty summits of the eastern
cordillera, gradually decreasing until it disap-
pears in the plain where the Mamoré River
flows northward to the Amazon, and the Pil-
comayu southward to the Paraguay; it in-
cluded also the mountainous northwest region
of Argentina, a district known to the Quichua-
Aymara by thenameof Cucuman,or the “World's
End,” long after they had established them-
selves as the dominant people of Peru. Origi-
nally they must hav: come from the neighbor-
ing lowlan is, and Mr. Payne suggests that they
may have been descended from a fishing popu-
Iation inhabiting the margin of the Argentine
Sea In their next stage they appear to have
been hunters who pursued the huanaco and
vicufia on the slopes of the Andes, throughout
which, from Patagonia to the equator, these
anjmals once abounded. The valley of Lake
Titicaca invited them to permanent settlement;
this, according to a tracition universally ac-
cepted and deemed by our author entirely
creJible, was the principal centre and earliest
seat of Peruvian advancement. Here the sun
emerged from its hiding place, the sacred rock
of Titicaca, after the deluge; here, in the an-

cient pueblo of Tiahuanaco, Pachacamac had |

fashioned man from clay.

The fish and water fow | of the lake were ob-
vious attractions to a wandering people; the
potato and quinoa bean, already perhaps culti-
vated by the immigrants in their origina) home,
yielded ample crops when planted on the shore;
from the wild huanacos and vicufas herds of
llamas and pacos were in due time formed and
were carried with them by the conductors of
subsequent migrations. From the lake basin
as a centre, the setUed life thus established
spread northward and westward; wherever
the wild huanaco and vicufia and the domesti-
cated llama and paco found past ure, these hunter
herdsmen wandered forth in well armed com-
panies, subjugating the lower tribes already
settled in the valleys and reclaiming them from
@ gross fetichism, and introducing among them
the worship of the Sun. Such, at least, was the
account furnished by their descendants to the
Spaniards, Agriculture and especially the
cultivation of maize had been already known
in some limited degree to the earlier population,
The newcomers organized it on a more ample
basis and perfected, if they did not invent, the
arts of irrigation and terrace building. Thus
caine into existence the composite advancement
of the Peruvian sierra; unique in the new world
from its combination of agriculture and herd-
manship and incapable of extension in the hot
valleys of the coast and the montana, where the
climate and the lack of pasture absolutely ex-
cluded the pac», and the hardier jlama only
Appears €s an occasional and temporary visitant.

The organization of the Inca dominion is
best understood by considering it as a group of
districts which had been added in rapid suc
cession to the district of Cuzoo, the original seat
of the Inca vlan. When middle Peru, the upper
valley of tne fiuilloamavu and the basin of Lake

these | one in every

Titicaca were successively conquered, the ad- |

ministrative arrangements of the Cuzco district

were naturally reproduced in each of these new |

provinces, lhese arrangements seem to have
been of an extremely simple nature, In each
pueblo of the original Inca district there was

| reader to the book itself

 

considerable valley—the loo
chief or curaca had usually retained his former
position and some part of the land, all of which
was cultivated by the common labor of the pea
antry was, together with a vertain number of
lamas, sot apart for his use, Other lands
and herds were appropriated to the Cayag
Inca and to the huacas, or detiles of the Inrg
people, the chief among these being the bun
Tha produce of these appropriations wie con.
veyed to Cuzco and deposited in store!
the weaving of the llama hair into cloth provid.
ing continuous occupation for the women ol thy
Inca house and the house occupled by the Vir.
gins of the Sun. Food and cloth thus aceumy.
lated were partly employed in sacrifices, the
cloth being burned, and partly served as stores,
always {In readiness for military expeditions,
A eimilar distribution of land and llanias was
made in each conquered distsvet. An J
house together with a house appropriated to
the Maidens of the Sun, was @iected in some
convenient central spot to which the produce
of the land of the Capac Inca and the Sun was
regularly brought from the surrounding yu.
eblos. This establishment served as an admins
istrative and military centre. Such stations
were placed at irregular distances in a con.
tinuous line along the sierra from: Quito in the
north to Parla, far beyond Lake ‘liticnen, inthe
south, From one to another there extended
with short intervals a line of minor stations, at
each of which two running messengers were
always in attendance, charged with the duty of

a
‘

carryiag orders and messages from stiuve te
staan with all possible speed, To tac ilitute
travelling from one end of the Inca dominion
to the other, artificial causewars had bere und
there beea built, cuttings made in sol! and
rock, and bridges constructed of timber laid og
atrong ropes of twisted In this mannep

rass
a bigh road, 1,600 miles feng. had heen in effec
provided in the sierra from: one end of the do.
minion to the other. A second route of the
kind extended from pueblo to pueblo along the
coast, beginning atthe Gulf of Guayaquil inthe
north and terminating at the Chincha Valley in
the south.

The growth of the Inca dominion, when or
the gorge of the Apurimac had been crosse
and Middle Peru conquered, is compared by
our author to some outbreak of elementary
natural foreas liberated by the removal of @
barrier which had kept them in temporary

| confinement, The nature of the country whit
directed their onward march between the ene
closing walls of the Cordilleras prevented any
coalition of tribes suMiciently strong

 
 

them, According to the shrewdest «
Spanish writers contemporary with the ¢
guest, the only diffleulty encountered by ¢

 

neas was fn the annexation of the di
around Cuveo, Afterward, all the cond)
peomies Joined them, so that they always h
vastly su vier force, as well as more enn

in the ano war. Gaining in momentum by
every conquest, the Inca power forced itself
wth litde difficulty along the natural channels
which determined its course, ond overcame
all obstacles by a steady and ever increasing

 

sreponderance, It was, in truth, easier to go
Korward than to stop, Thus {it came to
pass that more ground was eventually cov-

ered than could be easily retained under the
primitive conditions in which this archaic do
minion waa created. Mr. Payne thinks that no
one can trace the growth of Inca rule, having
regard to the physical character of the country,
without being convinced that the process 6

averegation must shortly have given place t

disintegration. A civil war which threatene

auch a result followed the death of its found.
er's grandson: and the vast area covered by
the Inca dominion ts now divided among four
states, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia and Chile.

 

In the concluding pages of his volume, on
author examines in the light of his tn vestigae
tlons the opinion which attributes a missionary
eharacter to the Inca Conquest. “The chars
acter of religion,” sald Prescott, “was {m-
pressed on all the Peruvian wars. The life of
an Inca was one |ong crusade against the In-
fidel, to «pread wide the worship of the sun,
to reclaim the benighted nations from their
brutish superstitions and {mpart to them the
blessings of a well-reguilated government.
This, tn the favorite phrase of our day, was
the ‘mission’ of the Inca.” Mr. Payne holda
that this statement oan only be accepted with
restrictions and qualifications which greatly
modify {ts purport. Tt cannot apply to the
Collao, the seat of sun worship and the place
where the Inca advanoement was developed;
or to the coast valleys where social organiza-
tlon and the arts of life had reached a higher
g@tade than in any part of the elerra. The
same may probably be said of middle Peru,
whore the tribes allied by origin to the Incas had
established a wide dominion when the Incas
were still confined to 4 narrow canton. Now
these districts constituted the greater part
of the Inca territory. Only In the sierra from
Cerro de Pasoo northward and in the thinly
planted settlements of the montana could the
expansion of Inca rule have assumed the alleged
missionary character. Neither is it true that
the Sun was the sole or main object of Inca
worship, though the Incas designated them.
selves by his name, venerated him in the seo~
ond place after Pachacamac as the souroe of
light and the enstainer of life, and established
him as the principal huaca or deity in the
conquered districts. Mr. Payne deems it
more probable that the Incas found Sun worship
a convenient means of enforcing their sue
premacy than that it represented a deeply
cherished belief which they sought, in a spirit
of fervid enthusiasm, and at the risk of thelrown
lives, to propagate among unbelievers. The
“blessings of a well-regulated government”
were undoubtedly ensured to their subjects,
but the price paid for these blessings was a
heavy one. It was nothing lese than abject
submission to a cruel and relentless despotism,
which enforced a ceaseless round of severe
labor, carried regulations to the minutest
details of life, and reduced man almost to the
level of the llarnas which he tended,

The stateof progress represented by the
Inca people is probably too remote, and our
knowledge of it too imperfect to permit of our
estimating it with any approach to accuracy.
Mr. Payne, holds, however, that no one can fole
low the authorities withont being convinced
that the deg rading despotism of Peru reacted
with fatal certainty on the characters of t)«

al

who exercised it, and that the Capae Iness
were by habit and poliey brutal and sanguinury
tyrants. Compared with them, the cannibal

chiefs of Anahuac appear almost in the light
of polished and civilized rulers. In general
aspect the culture of Peru was of a lower grade
than that of Mexico. The Quichua-Aymara
stock, if not absolutely inferior in mental cae
vacity to the Nahuatlacan, was inferior to the
| latter in mental cultivation. Probahiy its ad-
vancement was of more recent date; its success
in domesticating the llama rendered material
welfare independent of renewed effort: im the
colder climate of the Peruvian plateau the brain
was rhaps more sluggish, and the «
paratively monotonous aspect of nature come.
municated to it a fainter stimulus. Thea most
conspicuous deficiencies’ in Peruvian progress
when compared with the Nahuatlacan are the
abeance of any continuous reckoning of the
divisions of time, although denarvy arithmetia
was highly foultivated, and the solstices wera
regularly observed as indications of the re.
curring sensons: the want of any application
of imitative art to other Purposes than the decos
ration of pottery and the fabrication of rude
solid figures of men aud animals: and an
tense materialism in religion which adopted
nearly all natural things os objects of vener-
ation, although fl recognized spirits as unseen
oases of natural phenomena, and admitted
a first cause or general creator, whom the cur-
rent opinion placed on a higher footing thaa
the greatest of all natural buacas, the Sun
The Ingenious time-reckoning of the Mexle
| cans, their elaborate pinturas and the convene
| Syater symbolism which: their pletographte

   

system Was gradually developing, a symboliem
which promised, atsome distant date, to produc@
4 true syllabary, were intellectual achieves
ments to which Peruvian advancement affords
no parallel. Yet it is admitted that, when the
comparatively recent origin of Peruvian cule
ture ia borne in mind, it may plausibly be cone
tended that there is but little, after all, to choose
between the two. Thanks to the llama and
paco and to the great abundance of both alle
mals in their wild state, the Peruvians were {ree
from the organtaed Cannibalism which was the
reat reproach of Mexico. Their theology,
ough it demanded a certain amount of huni
sacrifices, was simpler and more rational. | i+
der far greater geographical difficulties they
| established a stable government over a vaster
| territory than that subject to the dominent
| Pueblos of Mexico; and its organization, cone
sidered either from the military or the fide
ministrative point of view, was more cCompiel@
and probably not less efficient than that de-
vi by the Nahyatlaca, although it fell io
pleces more quickly Spanish {i
vagere.
or an estimate of the advancement reached
by the Caribs on the northern coast of South
America and in the Antilles, and by the Chibelus
on the plateau of Hogoia, we must refe
Ne merely observe

before the

 

Ne rad 86 A paige Rg.) .
RL NOE Og =

that, in Mr. Payne's opinion, the Chibeha ac-
Vvancement, such as it was, possibly owed is
origin to the Caribs, and, in any caae, races
far below the oulture of the Inca domein

WwW. 8G