» P tae . -
Ce ee Re ahah etch tintiatlla deal cilia Niel ehliiey-nosghsabetienead Aether apy 7 ° iba. A oR ntti . ; PRG IY o 2

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900.

a

 
   

he ene

 

       

' er Crawford. | 7 yay a 2B | Be @ oMcers to mini | PR TTR renny
ALTHEA, THE MODEL TOWN, | wiraphs nouniratis gertss | THE GRANDFATHER CLAUSE | fet tater acti Ae Ai rearvonan ee sn

tle d fant ber us « reward for uny

 

 

  

VAST POWER PUT TO USE, is rough

 

 

serene ioe ral Be See

  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
   
   
 
    
   
 
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
  
  

 

 

 

     
  
  
     
   
 
 
     
    
 
 
  
    
  
  
  
  

:
j ne cee to be avoided
, . i . dn twaly ff 6 favors | might bestow upon you in my last cma : » eR’ ;
INDUATRIAL DEVELOPMENT NOW IN | theroad though toning advantage of all et COURTING OF A WOMAN WHo WouLD| will wid tetarent: ' M'ENERY TO COMBAT CHANDLER'S | 08, repre tor and a moderate educe- OF NORTH AMERICA.
PROGRESS Ar rue soo : aad valleys, roa a feet, . “ or HAVE HER OWN War. atiennt tions fone, nn eres ATTACK UPON THE MEASURE. tlonal and Ee 4 see asa pw ; queens
i s : ’ tf ' —— ae r joe an @ reply a . th: * the largest proportion o'
' mess “ive company has explored. the ore Of | sare, Crawford's Dream Was to Have a Clty of Unole Jared that although ignorant Of the | se ty pledged to Detend in the United States | {6 Slectorate of the tartan Bienen ley o eniy | There Rises a Spring Whose Water Wisects ihe
All the Water Power of Lake Superior to Be | and come ww the conclusion that there is @ re, Crawre: he conditions that hid given birth to bls com Senate the Negro Distranchisiog Measure, | qualitication ought to embrace real and per- Continent—Traths So St That the
} llable—Novel Processes Employed | great iron ore range of Lake Superior, The Her Own of Absolute Uniformity—Dying | bative spirit, [ would blindly ugree, for, the cee > ’ | donal propert the reward of personal ser- Men Who Told Them Were Reviled as Li,
=e eo aa me tate From the Ore Soonomia importance of this cans be over- Charge of Horatio Jackson's Uncle and His | suko of tho house and lot, to vanquish mr Which He Declared Was Unconstitutional, ae Peer bat  imeientiy Jarge amount One Panic Of the Bensee of 0 wee
' tp ef Weed Pelp and Saiphite, | ertimated. The company under it) bd grant Temptation—The Tragedy at the Finish. a a A pools & wartMiwhed | NEW ORLRAN®, Aug. 15—1n @ short inter- | to encourage voters who will take Interest in oem the Cheese Becoré tite
- . "| t > “ ” d.
; : a Gaiieih, dae. Hootie te Bitty taiisn popees r me 0) ve enlire rang “You don't know anything about Althea,” | myself in the atcemipe Before 1 could finish | view Senator 8. D, Meknery has replied to the Soyernmental he not stop here, however, CARON OF THR YELLOWSTONR, Alig. 6”
j cd ewer ain hg pi To encourage this company in ite expendi: | gaid the man of experience, questioningly. the letter pledging myself to internecine COM" | Jotter of Senator Chandler published in Trae | eel ee orcas campalen Upon ths {nol : Loakas fat
{ Austrial development equal to that at Niavara, i development bol the Dorainion and ey: as men «7 | tention I received a telegram from Uncle) © » takes | ith Senator Chandier , , Writing to Col F. B. | Brinctpal reason why the Yellowstone Wark
perhaps even surpassing ft fa Gomes ae Gnarly” governiuenta are preagec, af a. ete Wh or rsrepllll wr a le pvere apprising me of ee ars os o 7 nies foal. at a Southern Senator Gores aie remain ‘hls Sarish (Ouachita) | country was so long unknown Was the jp.
; 6. | never hear r, 0 eman's deuth, and ing me to co oO points; ' J ‘ Soe Nv. tae
| ee ee eee uae a | Faee eae todet fapo sores for one tana, The oracle of the office frowned reprovingly. {thon without dein bon fouching Althea has proposed the repeal of the Fourteenth mE convents i ond: to defeat the heredl- ony oe a on fy NM " be-
‘| under way . RO re ning from the Bault to Missinabie on the Cana- | . ” he sald. e fret person I interview Mrs. . 1 Fifteentt iment d eays that he rh h rage article recently #u : ; @ told of the
} banific You are laboring under a mistake, an ford, eyes und gracious | 4nd Fifteenth amendments and say tary part of the su : .
cane on an “esueh cadaee be Oe men are moe EM Ay read, “i, o% “Althea is nota woman, She Born mill a "been th my. mind ‘Often of ste and, hiinself has personally advocated te fennel With your Ls ME vhs) oy A & qomprpeiee. = po lyf ly ee Aig aed econ
) h subsidies “Oh,” came the response, in tones o p- | Hotwithstanding my recently pert io secondly, he objects to Senator Chandler's ht to vote: but it is useless : spe
eapact man ent, t h tt may | Minlon has also given cas ’ Tne iately. be, deprived of th ' med Colter, who accompanied Lew)
| be an a the raarhe ‘ou we commen lowe’ t y, Rae eet Seth orseresnes for potntment. “That condition necessitates a to Cycle areas Yoowed Paha have for a foe, | declaration or suggestion in regard to the yo frame An articfo ¢ cannot stand the con Chane in "theif cuted aaah bass ; _ re
: : 7 9p” ‘ . 4 - i on of th
change of predicate. Where is she! now, I suppose,’ wus Mrv. Crawiord’s pus representation given to the Southern Btates 7 wubmnitted he article t» ~ number of able Northwest in 1806. When they arrived at Wag.

@uirate, and though many of the investments | an extension of the road to Hudson Ba which
i Bre along lines so new as to bewilder experts viral a Feeched mm Pye [ene acres additional
who are told of what la being accomplished. AS |) offered, he Mind of theap grants are not to
the basis of the entire work all the water power bp betect hon h unck pes eee a cna we
stan nes of road, in plocks.
of Lake Superior at this point haa been ao- In order fo avail itself of this privilege the com-
quired, and before the establishments are | pany has now in Ita employ 180 expert timber
fully completed the rapids of Sainte Marie | cruisers, mineralogists goolog . H
are traversing that whole region, each party

will be dry, and all the vast flow of the lake | joi gicompanied by Indian pul os and ca-

4 will be at work, eithor turning wheels or pass- posmen. Theso men are selecting timber
ing ships through the canals and locks of the | lands, rus 4 out Ce peor. —ee

Bau “7 ‘ ang yoerify an 0 °

It. “It takes one-one thousandth part and the rants wil be selected under their

in Congress and the Electoral College, and lawyers on the emocrati«: aide of the Benat®. | dan on thelr return in 1805 Colter was dis

the vote cast by these States, and calls atten- | Without hesitation they said it was grossly |

tion to the tact that representation was never | Violation of the Fifteenth amendment; and charged and went into the employ of the North.
based on the vote, but always on the population they also concurred with me that the eflect of western Fur Company. Ip pursult of thig
ased on the vote, but always on the por + | the articlemight be the losa of our represen occupation he entered tho Yellowstone Vniivy

d that eve of the Four- | tion in Congress and our electoral vote, ;
rein tad Pitasae amma the South “ieenator Turple, WhO ia one of the most loyal | and followed it to this region, by the Indiing
. of Democrata, told me that at one time the Senate | called the summit of the world, because it (

received representation both in the House | gommittees had serious doubts as to the under- ; :

and in the Electoral Collegg for three-fifths of | standing clause of the iaeippl Constitution. the source of all the great rivers in the West

ite day ulati That clause is now beforethe House Committee | The roadway between Old Faithful and Yellow.
negro slave population. cn Elections in the Catehings contested elec | stone Lake crosses the grand continental diy ide

Senator McEnery will probably be the chief | ¢ons case. twice, where a little spring upon the surrtt of

7 neu! are Turple
spokesman of the Southern States in the Senate he lawyers whom, + cone ee eat of Mis: | the continent feeds two rivulets, flowing ig

"Down io Ohio,” was the reply. “I own a | Daclous greeting, bs .
a my ONO 8¢ Je Jared
little bit of property there, and I am going down setter P eeae, 00, Judging from eee, and i

some day to take a look at it, That town was should flaht over Ja more thant can, nake out:

the scene of one of the most interesting ro- “For answer Mrs, Crawford le 1

manoes of my life, and somehow I have lacked | {ne of her parlor windows und ee

the heart to go back since the fatal termination | “The ‘that’ was a house whose columned

of that unique episode. Althea is the queerest, por tiooes and ects gray and white Unte werent
earth mak u e u e588 0 :

estions tows 8 » In ing this state- | houses of kt ‘aa as the racefu lines of a master

ment I do not wish to be understood as casting | statue are unlike a daub of rough mortar.

reflection on the artistic judgment of Mrs. ; eae Roun is that?’ I pane 5

Elisa Crawford, who was Althea’s founder and e epeere,, Sard StS PT ece

of the water of [ake Superior to operate the | ranorts, The timber je spruce, valuable for .
ghip looks,” says F. H. Clergue, manager of | pulp wood and now scarce in the United States, | builder, Mrs. Crawford was a most estimable " ‘Oh,’ said she,‘in answering thatI shall@ive | if the suffrage amendments of Loulsania ot pdlana, Lindsey vas, Walthall of Miasisalppi different directi nd forming ti ‘
the new enterprise, “and why should not the | 4nd the land is waderiaie y Wen, cones and woman, and to this day I cannot speak of her Oe eed oe ae ren! rouble 1 have | and North Carolina are attacked; indeed, he is | Purley of Tennes attus of Alabama an Sead Sauer "en on re a the “Atle »
id t . Dn m , . v « » . A I % . ron 10 '
pther minerals, Wold bas ou without paying the tribute of a sigh to her} gore") have Geen beet by little annoyances, | pledied to do this, for in returning him to the | McLaurin of Sout srolina, and int @ House car Ocats eaias, End Gaveran « con :

   
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

)
Senate the Democratic party of Lousiana in fact. 2 aire ‘canvieoed. and. the universal | over 6,000 miles.

mado It conditional upen his willingnces to | sandinent ig that the article cannot stand Jt |” Besides, the road between Mammoth 14
ti “t sodfathe i h , 4 ta clause in- “The fret proposition was published in the | Springs and Norris Basin and the Twin Lakes
on, the grandfather or hereditary Washington Post here. regret to say it, but | presents a similar phenomenon. They were

cluded, lt is a curiosity of politics that he | it is a fact—it was talked of as a joke. No one formerly asingle body of water unt!l the beavers

, thought it w receive serious consideration.”
should be required to do this because when the Renator Moecery's opposition to the grand- | built adam across the middle and divided therq

Louisiana suffrage provision was before We | rather clause was taken up by the press and ain :
Constitutional Convention he was {te most ple 0 Loutsiapa and. wai y indorsed. cee ene nee oa io <2eenee
stalwart opponent, and pronounced the grand- | His declaration that the suffrage question 0 n ar o th ellowstone
7 ought to be settled in “a manly, courageous | and finds ita way through the Missourt and the

father clause unconstitutional and not de- and honest way” called for general approval. Mississippi rivers into the Gulf of Mexico. The

rest be utilised in employing many thousands
tn industries which but for cheap water power
; oould not be carried on, and in turning to

} @ooount natural advantages and materials

! that but for cheap power would be wasted?
It ts not too much to sav that millions will
indirectly feel the result of the enterprises
we are installing here.”

Mr. Clergue ia oarrying forward his many
enterprises on two basio principles. One

localities.

“In five yeara,” says Mr. Clergue, “we will
be running through fish trains from Hudson
By to Chicago.”

n five years, too, the company will have
absorbed all the outflow of Lake Superior,
except what is needed for vessels. One can
to give 20,000 horse-power {a now in operation,
anower 1° give 50,000 horse-power ia almoss
completed on the Miohigan side of the river, O
{ta total power 40,000 horse-power has been |
for a long ter pa st ygere to he nion Carbide
xem any an ne United Alkali Company.

e

memory. such as the death of three children who swal-

“The first time I saw Mrs. Crawford was the lowed a dose of indigestible fahhooks, and &
. i 0 of caterp i

day her husband's will was read, Mrs, Craw- | OrOW'R? my ay Gamare trees, but those were
ford listened, with bowed head, to portpen staf mere, inclde ts, and insignificant hen, coin
tion possession: and chattels, red w use. According to -
tae a oe thed to har, | Vey No. 4360, 0 r Uncle Jared owned the block
the bulk of which he had beques “0 : oF don which {t stands, and a thirty-foot
No sooner had the value and disposition of her | rivht of way leading back to it from his own
husband's effects been made publio than the property, which 4 ojned mine. ont ved, by
widow was peppered with inquiries as to what iy or of every w ic x mm tom eine
she intended to do with her wealth. wal Shobbarkeess tnearasen kad he boa

Seve & teak the dave of large one wee fae mat te re ors Foide. ve ab That’ tty big pile of money you've | this bit of d through sheer contrariness
; ara for the manufacture of carbide of o “ ‘That's a pre p ils bit of groun rough & MT dena ve e
ocak orc aoa earn be | Se hen clum. The Sault power will cost it, perh got ‘Lisa,’ sald her brother, Judson, obsequt- | When he began to build that house I im lored | fensible in law; but he is now retained to de- Muss mee tin 8 were he d in hreves . Mon, other feeds Gibbon River, which flows west
that such profits must hereafter be m he a third of what it pays at Niagara, and yet the ? : | him, with tears, to make the plans coincide | fend it and required to do so by the pledge he | Toe, Mansfield and otber towns dec! gains
original processes whioh shall be to a certain development concern will in twenty-five years | ously. ‘What use you going to make of it?’ with the genoral outline of Althea, but he re- made the convention the grandfather clause, and three-fourths of | ward into the Snake, the Columbia and the
get back all the original] cost as well as an an- “Mrs. Crawford had no need to search her | fused, * wouldn’t,” said he, “have even my ; re . the Democratio gener in Louisiana ted Pacific ‘Ocean. When they were one lake
The Louisiana Constitutional Convention | it and supported McEnery. they had two outlets as now. The water of

@xtent monopolistic, the word monopolistic
being used to denote advantages of location
and exclusive rights and materials, The
pecond of these basic propositions is that to
be successful in the broadest way industrial
development must utdlize only such materials,
, ingredients and methods as being natural
to the locality can be cheaply assembled at
tho point of manufacture, and must utilize all
of them, disregarding no by-product of pos-
sible commercial value that can be econom-
loally seoured

T’ doorknob like Althea's doorknobs,” And he
mind for an answer. ‘I'm going to build a didn't, for while ours are brown and octagonal,

town,’ said she, promptly. his are roundand white. I must say, Mr. Jack-
“This reply was a deal more unexpected than | son, that your uncle was a very hard man to

the news of the fortune, and it sapped the | fe! along with. Now that you have come into
strength from the roots of her inquisitor’s iis rights and property, I do hope you will prow
imagination, For a moment his tongue hung “But I was not tractable, according to Mrs.
= di listl but tly his mind was | Crawford's definition of the term. I musthave
lump an less, but presently mind w rm. UB
» inherited a deep streak of Uncle Jared's per
invigorated by a fresh flow of the elixtr of ourl- | vireity along with the house and lot, for the
osity, and he resumed his fraternal catechism. more } irs. Crawford tried fo coerce me to edopt
'F ' r : tes er views in general and her style of architec-
— Mase aap — ”  idattae ftura in particular, the more obdurate I became.
what yougoing to build atown for? Rut for all that, I was sincerely attached to the

valle , The two Senators “caught it,” as might have
called to Fovise the suffrage ~ to get rid z been expected, “red hot from the members one of these lakes is a dense dark blue and
the negro vote met fn New Orleans on Feb. | of the oonvention, Its President, Mr. E. F. | eparkles like a sapphire. The other, from
8, 1808, It was allowed sixty days in which | Kruttscrutt, also chairman of the Demooratlg | oy aver point you observe It, is a livid ereer
to complete its work, that is until April 6 but | State Central Committee, gald that he had r . ; a ee
: with disgust and distress the views of the Sena- | like the color of the waves of the ocean when

= hyp time ope ha fp boop eg: oer, fort oar the aullrege, Lane Juss ee they rise between you and the light
at is, towar ne end of March, it became | losis Upon passing & There {s no doubt that Colter discovered the
geysers, the Yellowstone Lake and others of the

{ fi . . le over the opinion of Senators McEnery an
quite evident that it could not complete the Calfory: The Renaiors ware practically ld

most remarkable curiosities in the park, but when

he told about them upon his return to St. Louls

work in time. The suffrage question had be- | that they had “cooked their goose,” and 44

come more and more tangled, the more it was | need expect no rgore recognition from the
in 1811 people refused to belleve him, and, in
ridicule, called the region which he clalmed to

ual (Interest. Some 10,000 horse-power on the
Michigan aide will be used in the reduction of
copper from that State, and for other natural
uses. Two weeks ago work was begun on
the Canadian side of the river on a canal that
is to develop 40,000 neree- power owe It
is estimated that this will take all the power
of the river, The Michigan canal is to be furn-
ished with 320 turbine wheels, each four har-
nessed to one great single-phase dynamo,
the whole to generate 60,000 horsepower.
The contracts for wheels and generators have
been made, and the canal is being pushed with
1,000 men and all the steam and compre
air appliances that can be assembled. It is

 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
   
  
 
  
   

considered, from the fears and ambitions of | Democratic party Tor having embarrassed it
the pélitietans who wanted to get fid of the | by objecting to the suffrage clause it had prao-

tioally decided on. Senator cEnery was

y
é A few years ago Clergue, anative of Bangor, | @ cutting 24 miles long, 200 feet wide and 23 “ ‘Because I want to,’ returned Mrs, Craw- | Jady. I saw her often at church and in her own
r , feet deep, through the heart of the city, and home, where I called regularly, and the better | illiterate voters, but could see no way of doing it | aske angrily what. he would Co in case the as trintter’ oh
, } and then living * Now Fork, wont West te much of it in solid rock. The sides are cut by ford, succinctly. ‘ uld T came to know her, the more I admired her for | without offending the ignorant white voters convention passed the suffrage measure before Bare Verme (ONUES BL” The RAO Eps
' look up for some Philadelphians a water power | air ochannelers from the solid rock ledge, and That was all the satisfaction anybody co her many adorable qualities, At last I told her : ae eee it and gave this answer: pears upon many of the early maps and was
4 that could be Improved and sold as electrical | the waste material le used in erecting the grest | get out of her then; but the next day she came | go. Her answer was not unexpected. “Lou | Wi) 7 tt oo os a} tna Atanerte felegrams trom delegates T say | attached to the Yellowstone Park country for
a ) ulldings, here Ww @ power house 1,8 4 details of | do me honor,’ she said, ‘an thank you. Bu A half a dozen suffrage plans were propose at in the Benate 00) rp ;
{ energy. At the lower ond oF Lake Supertet foot long, 100 feet wide and 106 foot high.’ It | Over to my ofce ane eunteee = h id, | 4t Present, Althea is my first care, fam very | to the convention, all of which were voted down | @dopted when attacked. My duly to the people | 8 least a quarter of a century.
4 Clergue saw an opportunity to develop an | was designed by a Philadelphia architect and is | her novel scheme. ‘It’s this way,’ she said, roud of my town.. It {sina prosperous condi- ; ° r of Loulstana would demand this, Coljer was not the only discoverer of the
f immense power, and his people began work. | a massive and handsome etructure. No ns planting her plump, pretty hands on the table tian The fahhook and suspen: ar pnduatrieg ee bee — = The ae ; This was \evegrapned 08 mearen AO, 1908, Tose Yellowstone Park, but suffered the most exe
o sans power house exists on any water-power to- jean toward | are established on a firm financial basis, an plan of an understanding clause ‘was rejected: 0 uppe neces the suffr c : ;
} They cut a canal that furnished them 20,000 Gay. This canal and power plant will have | 268 ™y writing materials and leaning the chewing gum business is having an unprece- | also the South Carolina plan which provided | 4b@Rdoned and the grandiathe sche was | traordiumy experlence of any man that ever
ao horse power, but when they wanted to sell | Gost when done, $2,750,000, The second Ca- | me confidentially. ‘As I understand tt, Jerome dented boom, But there {a one blot on the aes x  ccduinal pamaunien salle iis << | dead beyond all resurrection—killed by Sena- | visited this region. The Indians attacked
; the power they found no takers. The locality nad an canal wil! cost nearly as mudh wa left me something Ike $300,000 in money er town’s escutcheon. J Ike you very much, ine | rejected on the ground that It was a fraud, | tor more 70S merces cppotion. Fear era him and killed his partner. Colter was taken
was new and too far west. So in order to save nall, the company has so far spent $4,60,( 400 acres in land, not to mention the horses an deed, Mr. Jackson, but T ean marry you only | When {t seemed likely that the convention Or ere an Peres 2a ena risoner, stripped naked, led t int th
: and has plans that will call for the expenditure . on one Aitir If, by Sept. 25, you have oa | the apparently dead article, grandfather clause | Pr'soner, Dp , Oo &@ point three
xpe cone yn y Pr « would fail to reach an agreement the grand- and ‘ll? and passed it, to the surprise of all, or four hundred yards in advance of a body of

cattle and farming implements and things. 18 | panigdelied that house of yours until it. corre
that right?’ sponds, at least externally with the rest of Althea
* ‘Perfectly right,’ said 1, tr? wouang may pome off at any time you ke,
“Then I want to talk to you about the town cian” never take place
. y ut me in a most distresain
and get your advice,’ proceeded Mrs. Crawford. | quandary. 7 ] wanted Mra, Crawford, and 4

‘Now, please, don't infer from that that I'm pastes % press . yp ciple, beauty of my

read Ouse, ove all else wanted to have my own
about to ask your opinion of the plan. Talready | way” por two months 1 vacillated between
know quite well what that is. You undoubted- | the duties of a lover and selfish inclination,

ly think it impracticable and impossible, but On the afternoon of Aug, 26 1 strayed out into

the s e , -brick hid-
you may as well save yourself the troubie of ie pee er Revane fithes's red: rik, ud.
putting the thought into words; for although | phases. When | started back to Althea I had

you should say it a hundred times over, {t made up my mind to disregard Uncle Jared's

; ‘ ae instructions to fight, and to begin altefitions
wouldn't have a feather's weight of influence on my house the next day, which would be
on my determination. My mind {s made up, | be necessary if 1 wer ¢o comply with the

y - else could ever say | terms of Mra. Crawford's conditional surrender,
and all that you or anybody else ¢ y It was 6 o'clock when 1 returned to Althea.

would be powerless to change it. You see, I've | 4+ that hour the town was generally at rest
always wanted a town of my very own, where | but that day a portion of the population stil

i t and @ | labored. As I neared home I found, to my
1 can manage things as I think best and rul surprise, that my own home was the acene

Mke an ermpress in my little kingdom. of the unusual activity. Several large wagous
“"l am going to call my town Althea, Jerome | were drawn up beside the fence and huge

tatoes for | mounds of red brick were being dumped there-
earned his firet dollar by sorting pote frorn into my back yard, 1 was not sure that

A woman named Althea Jones. The minute 1 understood the meaning of this extraordi-
I heard about that I decided to name my town | nary manauvre, and | kept still and awaited
in her honor, leaving off the Jones. Althea | developments ‘The next morning more brick

father clause was proposed and its availability a actio g :
and constitutlonality were supported by Judge | sonntcnie congat "ne tan ee 2
Thomas J. Semmes, who was esteemed the | posed the Louisiana suffrage plan, had shown
ablest man in the convention. He had been fe apparent CRORE HORAle and had, he
United) States District Attorney, Attorney- | thought,killed it: but after he ha givenap idee
General of Louisiana, member of the Confederate | to support any suffrage plan adopted, the very
Senate, President of the American Bar Asso- | plan he had objected fo and, as he thought
ciation, and had been stro! aly recommended defeated, had been passed. ‘Thus he is vated
to President Cleveland as a mem ber of the Unite on to defend w
States Supreme Court but Senator Lamar Oe ea ® has pronounced clearly
was preferred to him. m Senator McEnery was reélected U nited State
To Judge Semmes Loulsfana and North Car- | Senator in 1900 with the ne ehdiveten ing
olina owe the grandfather clause, by which the | and pledge he had given before to support in
{literate white voters of these States are ad- | the Senate the Louisiana suffrage clause, which
mitted to the franchise while the illiterate | he himself so disbelieves in. It is this pledge
negroes are shut out. The proposition at first | that makes him speak now against Senator
had been without strength or backing; it was | Chandler's letter and will make im
thought to be unconstitutional; there was the | Chandler's chief opponent if the latter brings
danger of it causing an agitation against the | yp this matter in the Senate and the defender
South by arousing prejudice; it seemed to be of the famous @randfather clause As for Judge
in conflict with the Fourteenth and Fifteenth | Semmes, the originator and defender of the
pmencmep's. Sed inet va chat srword of clause who is responsible for {ts Insertion
Jamocies” overhanging & loubdtful suffrage . Lied
that it might lead to the reduction of Louisiana's ta the Lousiana Constitution, . m7 aos OER
representation in the House. This danger was ae
always before the. convention and killed a BILL SHAVED GEN. MILRS.
dozen “wildcat” suffrage schemes before it, —-
Judge Semmes carried the convention for | ge was His First Attempt With the Razor, but

the grandfather clause, It was not in conflict :
with the Fourteenth and Fifteenth amendments the General Took His Medicine Bravely,

ne insi The Fifteenth Amendment pro- During the autumo of 1896, Major-Gen,

the original investment they were forced to
change thelr polley, utilize the power them-
selves, and find a means for development.

All about the Canadian Sault, north as far
as Hudson Bay and east and west, are vast
foresta of spruce, the Ideal wood for paper
making. The Ontario Government was will-
ing to furnish stumpage at low cost, and it
was decided that the first development must
be a ground pulp mill. The largest mill in
the world was bullt and lanow making a prod-
uct that sells for $900,000 a year and fixes
the price for paper pulp in all the American
4 West, and ships to points from Japan to Eu-
: rope. In one mail the other day came an order
from the centre of the American paper-mak-
ing region at Menominee, Wis., another from
Nagasaki, Japan, and a third from France.
® A very large share of the mill's product for
) the past few months has gone to France and
Germany. But the success of this mill was
not achieved without 4 struggle. When it
was built all wood pulp was shipped from the
mill to the paper machines wet and there were

about 600 bucks and ordered to run for his lifa
He did so, with half a thousand howling ravages
after him. This happened, fortunately for
Colter, before an indulgent Government sup.
plied {ts wild wards with shooting implements
and it seemed to be understood that bows and
arrows must not be used against the fugitive.
Colter, being overtaken by one fleet Indian,
turned and killed him. Then, resuming hie
flight, he plunged into a river and concealed
himself under some logs 80 effectually that the
Indians supposed he was drowned.

Tho next man to bring news of the Yellowe
stone Park and {ts wonders was Jim Bridger,
after Kit Carson, the most famous scout ever
known upon the frontier. He was Carson's
partner, was with Fremont on both of his exe
peditions to Callfornia, discovered the Great
Salt Lake and the pass through which the
overland earavans crossed the continental
divide. Army engineers used to say that Jim
Bridger was the best natural topographer
ever born. Capt Gunnison, in a report to the

of $15,000.000 or more additional. The Algom
Commercial Company, which is the name o
the parent organization, {s now spending money
at a tremendous rate. The daily yv roll is
$5,000, or $1,500,000 a year, and this will have to
be continued for years, So far there is no
return exospt from the one pulp mill and the
mine, and the latter canno ayes much till
another vear. The sulphite mill will be a vast
profit-earning institution in 1001, as is the
migghanica) mill now

ane fall work will be begun to remedy
the difficulty that must come very soon, in
the permanant lowering of the waters of Lake
Superior, It is an international question and
neither the Canadian aor the American Cov-
ernmont will permit any change in these waters.
80 a dam will be bullt at onoe clear across the
peed of the rapids. The dam will be 2,000 feet
ong, and will be a series of stone and concrete
piers connected by steel gates, to be opened or
shut as occasion requires. [tis not improbable
that the company may raise, instead of lower,
the level of Lake Superior Every foot of raise
in the level will mean much to it.

Here at the Canadian Sault the company

3s one of the finest laboratories in existence.
t is carrying on analysis by electrolysis inmany
minerals regularly, and the laboratory and
library connected with it are fitted up as com-
proves as those of any technical schoolin Amer-

 

 

 

. The company has also a chine shop ‘4 , te

paid freight charges on about 55 per cent. of | ‘°# _ tah w were unloaded on my premises, and then car-| Vind that the rights of ns | bh f
water. This liinited the range of shipment, van miaaane oa oo a and int on ito | will consist of 286 houses, each of which will be penters and masons began the task of tearing Sided hat tee aT Resanes af ,enould Rot ne | Miles and a party of Washington friends ar- | Government, declared that Bridger could draw
in Canada, and few iu the United States exenl | 42 exact copy of the other 235.’ Here Mrs. | down and repuens Sy pouse, The orderly | previous condition of servitude.” but it did not | ranged for a bear hunt in the mountains of | an accurate map of the entire Rocky Mountain
manner in which the workmen proceeded lo- | apply unless “all” negroes were discriminated | New Mexico. They arrived at Magdalena | Tegion from memory on the back of @ buffalo

The new company experimented and found
@ process by which it could dry the pulp.
Bince then the field of shipment has been lim-
ited only by the demands of the paper trade.
While mechanical pulp is worth $80 4 ton,
gulphite pulp, wood treated chemically, is worth
_ nearly twloe as much, and the company with
its unlimited supply of the best wood In the
world decided to muke this also. So now the
largest sulphite mill in the world ts nearing
completion. Its product will be worth &1,600,000
ayear, But for sulphite pulp sulphur is nooes-
Bary, and the cost of sulphur is h. At the
i t Sudbury works of the Canadian Copper
Jormpany they are pouring into the air « thous
eand tons daily of gulphus umes. Sudbury is
100 miles froin the Sault an produces the pulls
, of the world’s nickel. The nickel ore min
} there ts what is called a niokeliforous pyrrhotite
: wnd contains nickel, sulphur and iron, At the
1 matte furnaces of the Canadian Copper Com-
Dany they were saving the nickel, but the sul-
Phur and tron were thrown away. Mr. Clergue's
capers found wu way to save the sulph
and are now, they say, making « commerc

Crawford took a pencil from my desk and began

dicated that they were under the control of a
to sketch rapidly on a large sheet of paper. | si rong guiding hand, and l smiled at the thought
‘Imagine, if you ean,’ she went on, with en- | of whose hand that was. For three days |

thusiasm, ‘that this figure is a house set in arene. oi a a re and
A i f est, the
grounds three times its own dimensions. This | fourth day J accosted a man who was slashing
house is bullt of brick and is painted a bright | viciously at the trimmings of my finest bay
cherry red with white trimmings, It is two inser: ey, whose orders are you doing
° 8 asked,
stories high, and I count twelve feet to eacn Eiss man never ceased 10. hie work of vad
story and two feet for the stone foundation, sm, ‘Slater & Turner,’ he said tersely.
This typical Althea dwelling has no front-door “lL went straight to the oMfce of Slater &

i Turner. ‘At whose command are you working
splendor and back-door squalor, The four | ii that havoc on the property of Horatio Jack-

walls are exactly alike, each being set with one | gon?’ said

door and nine windows. Fach floor in the ameter & Turner toyed with their pencils
house will contain, originally, four rooms and ehoqplah Mtr one under promise not to
: . » Ba Mr. er.
two wide halls which Intersect at right angles, “Well, 1 am Mr. Jackson,’ I returned
although later on tenants, if permanent, may | flercely, ‘and if 1 am not furnished definite and
subdivide to sult their convenience. As you ara rormae 1 shall bring suit against
you for damages at once,

will see by this sketch, my model house ts de- ve ‘In that case,’ said Mr, Turner, ‘1 suppose
vold of all architectural superfiuities, the only | it is only just phat you be told the truth. Our
attempt at ornamentation being the lightning OT Teese oe mea aware.

rods and four red brick chimneys which deco- “On Sept. 24 my house was clothed in its
rate the roof. Bay windows and verandas | final laver of red paint, and the last vestige

hi . vio a piece of charcoal.

The public refused for many reese to accept
Bridger's report of the Great t Lake, and the
remarkable narratives he told of the wonders
of the Yellowstone country were universally
characterized as “Old Jim Bridger's lies”
He tried to have a description of the oountry
published, but no newspaper of that day would
accept {t. Col. R. T. VanHorn, for many years
editor of the Konsas Cly Journal, and for
Baer terms a pens r of Congress, prepared

e

it. n addition 100"180 feet and two stories
high has just heen completed, and is now peipg
filled with tools from the best makers in the
world, There will be 1,800 feet of these tools,
The shop does no custom work, but is steadily
emploved, with a large foundry connecting,
for the Algoma Company.

In order to ¢ ermit the ehipment of fron ore
this year and {fn veseels it could utilize in win-
ter on the oceana, the company sent one of ita
gen to Fngland three months ago and he bought
our stoel pre ships that had been in the Greek
and Spanish trade. hey are all here now,
carrying ore. When lake navigation o
in the fall they will be sent to tho sea, carrying
cargoes of pulp for wherever the company has
orders, France, England, Russia, an or
Indi During the winter they w trade
on the seas, and in the spring will return to
the upper lakes. This {s made possible by
the completion last June of the Canadian canala
to the seas. Next year thecompany will have
four more of these ships, now bullding in Eng-
land, and the el@ht will find steady employ-
men in ore carrying on the lakes. It is ex-
pected to invade the American market, in face
of the 40-cent tariff, for this wil! be no ob-
stacle on account of the short rail-haul and

against on aceount of race or color. As col-
ored men could vote {n most of the Northern | £2 4 special car and were met at the station by

Atates prior to dant, 15h, it could Bot be held Capt. Slocum with Troop E of the Seventh
that there was a discrimination against them .

in section & (the grandfather clause), There United States Cavalry, detailed to act as
was a discrimination between those who could | escort to the party, Proceeding at once to
yore prior ‘3 january, 1068, and, rene ye the Hoffman Ranch, about fifty miles west-
1ave acquired the franchise since, but the firs - ay

class included negroes as well as whites, as di ward, they pitched camp and next day started
also the second class (those who have become | {n to hunt bears,

Voters since 1866). There was therefore no Shortly after they left Magdalena a ranch-

discrimination because of race or color. A rode i aw

Saber of namhhen oould aualite tor ihe gulls | com rode into town with the startling intelli-

rage under the grandfather clause, but not | @ence that he had met Bill Parks, an old resi-

enough to cause t 16 walter any ansisty. There dent, out on the mountains, Bill told bim

was nothing to fear from the courts becaise o

ue eee aediine ie ite tie te aaabenae that he had shot and killed a prominent citi-

ants of former voters. It was legal and con- | 20 of Magdalena and was trying to elude a

atigutional. aiead ee bik Maen eth posse sent in pursuit of him, also that the town
Judge Semmes bac € 1s vie Ww ‘ .

many quotations from Midictal decisions. His had been visited by a lot of little men ,who

address had a marked, indeed a convincing, | overturned all the bufldings. 4s the man

influence on the convention, and the next day | reported killed was alive and the buildings

the Suffrage Committee, which had the entire | wore i p
matter in hand, reported his plan of suffrage, | Were still on solid foundations, the conclusion
the main feature of which was the grandfathor | reached was that Bill had gone “locoed,” A

clause, which gives the suffrage to any man, | party of friends waa ‘

series of articles with material furnished by
ridger, but {t was impoesible to induce any
magazine or other reputable periodical to accept
them. Although they were unusually accurate
descriptions of natural phenomena, since wit-
Seened y every visitor to this park, they were
then regarded as the inventions of a vulgar
unchausen. Bridger described the country
ely as “a place where hell bubbles up.”
for example, he never could make anybody
believe in the existence of a mountain of glasa
which is now Foown to all tourists es Obsidian
Cliff, a_remarkable formation of voleanic glass
rising ike bisalt in vertical columns several
hundred feet high. A considerable portion of
the soll in that section of the park is silica, a

a

 

i roduct from the rousting of pyrrhotite. | the ease of mining. The ore {s mined now
hemical experts over the world will not believe | and will be for veara by mere quarrying fr of beauty in Althea’s architectural desiga | property or not, provided he can prove | ere sand of which glass is usually made,
this possible till they see it done on acommerocial | the face of high cliffs. By draining = emafl Fee te cea = rr yews was irrevocably committed to unmitigated Hat he {ts e son or aranaeon of a citizen, one | hiding place was discovered. He protested 4 tay per toules Ry eiaais host and
2 Goottvute, Bue coe tar . % ugliness, Before ] had floished eating break- | who could vote before Jan. 1, 1868. In practice | against returning to Magdalena, fearing a Fanning toast ref farmaea @ mountain of ‘giana

lake a face of ore 220 feet high will be exposed,
and the draining will be a mere cut through
rock across a lodge fifty feet wide

It is proposed to erect a mill for rolling nickel
steel rails, &c., and the product will be 1,000
tons a day. This will not be in operation for

scale, und this, Mr. Clergue suys, will occur in
@ few months, as soon as the reduction works
now under way are completed. So Mr. Clergue’s
company bought # nickel mine near Sud-
ury for the sulphur and is now building the

anttoulin and North Shore Hallway o and
hrough the rich nickel belt and on to the Georg-

1 Buy.

With the extraction of the sulphur from the
pyrrhotite there wus left u ferro-nicke! ore
Whose possibilities for the manufacture o
fu el stéel were alluring. In line with its

when it cooled. The Indians used the mate-
rial for arrowheads, and came hundreds of
miles to obtain it because it was better than

flint.

Another of yim Bridger’s stories which the
public then refused to accept, told of catching
fieh in cold water on one side, and then, with-
out waxing them from the hook or changing

ey

large sycamore trees, four of which will be | fast on the morning of the 25th "

planted as close to the walls of the house as is fe 98 } step ae” of her own fuse eeatces

compatible with the laws of nature, thus soft- | front door and head directly for my abode.

ening the glare of the sun with grateful shadows. | There was not a trace of triumph visible in

Around the lot a picket fence four feet high | her pretty eyes when 1 met her, and her smile

some years, however The company {s now | Wil be built, and here in the poutponst corner, | was angelically tender.

reoting half a degen @reat stone structures | 12 the ong Indicated by these tle . “‘Dear Mr. Jackson,’ she said, with se-

for its mills, reduction works, electrical ameit. | hal! build a stable with four stalls, and ot) ae reg teen's been seus baat Sle Gn

ing furnaces. &e, and the whole neighborhood | Outbuildings. This te Althea, viewed indivi j | leated to time, TI know your henrt was sot » Was then li

of its works ta being improved on a large acale. ually. if you will multiply ep architecture, on preserving this house jn its original frivo- | State “befo’ the wah.” The question of mu- | The day following release Bit walked into
In excavating for the works now under way | tom by 236 and scatter the pro nt ore © ay lous eccentricity, and the fact that you! lattos and quadroons claiming the suffrage on | the Eclipse saloon, and in a corner saw an

forty acres of ground, which wil traver lelded to my wishes in the matter only proves ] @ccount of white fathers was only touched old, unused barber chair, Remarking that

no particular proof is required of this ancestral :
\ ote the fact that aman {s white being re arded lynching, as the man he imagined he had killed

as satisfactory evidence that his father or | Was very, popular. However, after a lo

grandfather was a voter, whereas, in thecaseof | parley and with the assurance that he would

& negro applying for the suffrage under the me coteoree, he consented to return,

grandfather clause the contrary is the case he posse and Bill reached Magdalena four

and the burden of proof rests on the negro to gaye prior to the return of the bear hunte

prove that his colored father or grandfather | Bill was confined in a rooms for two Gave, and
ra

rod f “ote ssachuse ome other | having greatly ”
ived and voted in Massachusetts or some other | having greatly improv position, throwing them into a hot spring,

where were cooked fn a few moments.
This, however, ia done frequently. Anybody
can try the experiment who desires, and within
a few yards of the lunch station, at what is
called The Thumb, a still more extraordinary

experience may enjoyed. It is possible to
nd cook a fish in the same water, Ate

d-out polley, the compuny set about the util-
tion of thisore. Now the company’s experts
= they oun do the work that hus been the
eam of mefallurgtsts and electricluns for

Mr. Cleraue disclosed the original lock for ae

carrying veasela nast the ranids. It was built wid taeeehne oct Can its oc uieaate omer ow r ugh you really care for me.’ on in the convention, when it was suggested by pe anew» thing or two about “ arbert .” he
, < %y ‘ r y 1s . 3 ae ° n y legat ’ a » . }

by the Hudson Tay Commany 150 years a®o. | aa ie will appear, taken collectively, when com- and for an instant 1 was stianthy eshte cute Cat (hin dermal tein c eeting taoles 3nd allow him to begin bisaine bate

ond ita very existence lind been forgotten. geste Now, what do you think of the idea? | Rut Mra, Crawford's audadie wea perforce t quire that this descent from a voting ancestor | and allow him to begin business as a barber.
1 .

must be legitimate. This matter, however, | The pa /poekeoner, wishing to humor him

yeurs, the reduction on an economical scule | Jt ig an impressive commontary on the life p i

Of ores of irorl into steel by electricity, Furnaces | of the West, standing beside the locks of the Rc you think {t will be a beautifyl town? e astened my eyes upon hers intently, but she | was Not seriously considered, as nothing could | and feeling satisfied that no one would risk | °# oo 8 ‘

were devised that, to the extent of w five-ton | present day. It is 40 feet long and 10 feet Mrs. Crawford dropped her chin into the | never flinched. be legally proved as to the parentage of persons | his nec in Bill's care, gave his consent it along the shore an immense boiling spring

unit, smelted thts soft, high nickel ore ne & | wide whileastone’s throw away are locks 1,009 | hollow of her palm and put the question a second “Dear lady,’ said 1, gravely, ‘with such a | of mixed white and negro Blood. Bill fixed up the old chair, sharpened a few | discharges its overflow directly into Yellow-
fokel steol, sufficient fron ore be added to | feet long and 100 feat wide, Aled ‘o overflowing | time. ‘Now, won't it?” she sald, softly. prize at stake, I would gindly have torn down At the last moment, when it looked aa though | rusty razors, secured a towel or Tee aan was | ftone Lake. The specific gravity of hot water
6 mixture to ea hard steel. The nickel with the commerce of | Heeth vest Close wont oo Dram L Soe ay ehee a ctreen all Althes and made it over again.’ the suffrage plan Containing the wrandfather ready for i rush to begin, The rush ca barng ee en tat cold water, o carhees

y was the blockhouse of the Hudson R ous, 0 StTO “The deceit on both sides was moat palpa- | clause would go through the convertion with | not, but Bill kept on resen of hot water floats in a atratum two or thr
le fe an a whoop, as an effective way of solving tho LF, ¥ Waiting and was p ¥ | feet thick upon the cold water of the lake for

quite an area. The lake abounds in salmon
trout and other fish that take the bait readily.
Tourists sink their hooks through the stratum
of hot water inte the cold water below, and,

TL EN Re

Company, surrounded by a barely discernible | bull at my common sense and shook my head | ble but each possessed consummate nerve, and
stockade of rotted wood. The building was | ubiously. ‘Tt may be nice enough,’ I said, | thenoa ferward the little comedy of the Tataes

evasively, ‘but what are you going to do with | was never referred to, We are devotedly
your town afer you get it built?

t the resulting steel wus very soft, it being
cotllar feature of nickel that an admixture
of more than Sor 6 per cent, makes the alloy
soft, while 8 per cent, of nickel or thereabouts

percentage of the ferro-nickel was so great
a
ro yroblem before that body, Senator McEnery, Gen, Miles and his party
put in repair. and is now the home of the di- From his seat in the United States Senate, came | had been a succercful Tier eet srem ynes
out against it, with such sledgehammer blows | up their quarters in the special ‘car. The

recting genius of the place. The stockade “I'l bring people to come and live in It, attached to each other and should have been

that the grandfather clause was knocked out | General, being very much in need of a shave
. ’

 

makes an armor plate, The company has & | {. replaced by a handsome stone wall with a married on the 25th of October, but
very large machine shop, and all the hard cut~ | unique parapet. a sald she. ‘There are hundreds of families in The map of experience sighed sadly and the convention thrown back into all its | inquired of a loitere when a fish is caught, they draw it up into the
ting tools used there are made of its own nickel the city who will Jump at the chance to live in “But what?” supplemented the young man | confusion. On May 17, i898, in response to in- | shop in town, The L dceran eos tes pag tong hot water, where it will be cooked ready for

1 amelted in is own furn. joes by Renee? DEFENDS THE P such a town as Althea. P who smokes. “What kept you out of the mat- | quiries as to their views of the suffrage section | pointed out Bill's place, whereupon the Gee: eating in avery few minutes. This is a favor-

® prans for thé ferro-nickel works wR ch ure ND WAR HOSPITALS. Undoubtedly,’ sald) I, ‘But 1 fear your | rimontal halter that time? Each deserved | including the grandfather clause, the two | eral remarked that he would go there in a few | it@ place for tourists to be photographed Th

Bow under construction _Propone 100 furnaces | Scheme savors too much of Utopia. How Will | @ helnmate after all that pother, 1 should say.” | Louisiana Senators pronounced emphatically | minutes, The news oe quickly over town | &COUts report that last winter an elk was cook
ft ave tons duily capacity each, The company Dr. Ryerson Flatly Contradicts Rudyard Kip: | they live once they are sett ed here? You “The lady died,” said the man of exneriones, | against it as unconstitutional that Bill was going to shave the Tats Gen. alive in one of the hot eprings.

1 eeae Soe entcl ry oy aout of thi Ming's Testimony at the Inquiry. capnot support 280 families indefinitely. day,’ | “It was quite a tragedy, On the 18th of the | Senator McEnory telegraphed: | Miles, Bill selscted his razor, got out a clean | , Perhaps the most extraordinary yarn told
fovel steel wl be manufactured a¢ the Bault ‘ T dont propose to support them @ day.” | month a fire broke out in the fish-hook fac | “Section 5 [thegrandfather clause] is grossly | towel and awaited the arrival. It was evident | OY Jim Bridger of the wonders of this park
nickel steel wil! be manufactured ut the Sa Oveare, Avg. 18.—Rudyvard Kipling’s tos- | Mrs. Crawford retorted. shall give them tory, and two-thirds of the houses in Althea | unconstitutional have submitted it to some | to onlookers that he was growing nervou related to the petrified forest which he =

were laid in ruins. Mre, Crawford was eo! of the ablest Democrats of the Senate who are | When the General arrived at fhe saloon stand. | covered alongside the Yellowstone River,
tween the cafion and the Mammoth Hot Springs,

and shipped to Germany for a period of five
‘ears. nder this contract no metal has yet
n delivered and none muy besentfora year,
ut samples have beer shown to the Krupps
id M lergue states positively that the con-
re s closed and will be carried out.
: ‘or the separation of the copper in the Sud-
' bury ores the company has devised a process
' neversitating the use of sodium and by electrosls
t is Coromnponed into its elements, Chlorine
a by-pro uct and to utilize it yeachiag wor 8
ve been established to manufacture bleach-

timony before the London Cornmission of | employment. My first care shall be to start
4 7 a fishhook factory, a suspender factory and @ | deeply grieved over this disaster that she died concur in | ing room was at a premium. With some

. } constitutional lawyers. They all
Inquiry into the management of the South | chewing gum factory. If those industries of a broken heart and was buried on the da my opinion that, If adopted, the effect will be | diMculty he managed to reach the chair, where Biine accounts that have come down to us,
ww ridger m

av have indulged in a littl: exagger-
ation, or, what is more likely, mey not have been
accurately reported when he told about the j«'-
rifled animals that stood in the petrified forest,
and the petrified birds that sang petrified songs,
bus eer perens with slight exoeptions the facta
sustain him.
Ago ago, before the birth of Adam, a firmd
of liquid volcanic material submer@ed a forest
‘or a hundred, and, & places, a thousand feet.
Subsequent eruptions Followed in ages afters
ward, and the percolation of the siliciour water
soaked the timber and turned it into stone. The
result is a forest of petrified trees, roots, bark,
limbs, leaves, worm holes and all, preserved
pith absolute fidelity by nature's great eme-
almer.
While Colter was no doubt the origina! white
explorer.of the park, every now and then evt-
dences are discovered of visits of other whit
men early inthe century. In the ravine rriaaed
by a wooden bridge just before the Cafion Hot
bearing

African hospitals is flatly contradicted by | do not afford sufficient diversity of employ- | gat for the wedding.” to lose us our representation in Con .
} 0 ode ; » Jose us ¢ al atio ongress, and Bill received him with tly “
Surgeon Colonel G, Sterling Ryerson of Toronto, a. ens ene. ahovs and pethaps start a The young man who smokes whistled srm- | in the electoral vote of the State,” the operation began tutes aa’ gta on
who was both British and Canadian Red Crosa | Bat if you eatablieh eo MARY factories, how | Pathetically. “Well, if you don’t have the Senator Don Caffery concurred with him in | Those not close epongh to see the operform-
Societies’ commissioner with Tord Roborts’s | can you preserve the uniformity of your town?’ luck!" he said. this view and telegraphed as follows to the | ance were rewarded by hearing the scrape,
{ipl I argu ‘Your workrooms will require a —————_—_ -—- COpyen tion: | | Scrape of the dull razor as it was drawn across
headquarters, Kipling declared that he had iffatent sole of niteoture,’ Section § of the amended suffrage amend- | the victim's face. Gen. Miles took his 4
to smuggle in medicines surreptitiously to the m Net dra Te ee wtord. That le UNDER WATER FOR 15 MINUTES. ment is uncons‘itutional L) my opinion pecayse | cine withont a murmur and bravely cl his
hospitals, Rverson says there is nothing to | the chief advantage of Althea. Three or four ae th raters haut cdaltheations oie | for This encouraged Bill, who thought
Une median for cating (hls inet ad of lime, show that they ever reached the doctors families of my workingmen can seek quarters | Revived After Being Submerged Thirty Feet | jj.) iynposes qvalifieations on all other voters | customer had qone 6 ‘Seep fle’ feet
a he ae oanry ne th b tere oe, trough the back doer, ald assorte that share ee ee TY oe Sern oe for a Quarter of an Honr. and bec aus in fact, i‘ distrimipates against a, nerve and at the end of ten minuten the
Detter medtura and carries a greater percentage | was no reason for taking them in by the hac< | dence as t pompled by the richest person From the Philadelphia Record, ae papa) oo oe pected these eraphatic decla- pee Mh ol An end. Bill. Coneral, sogking
wanes the roasting works the company will | ¥": Moreover, whon at Bloemfontein, Kip- A . Sue ings sues, Oe, Smeeey After being submerged in thirty feet of water | rations prevented jhe convention trom adopt. | parted. Bill's face beamed with pride while
ling appeared quite satisfio® with what he had | Shurches, which will be distinguished by the | for fifteen minutes and then being pulled out ing the suffrage plan it had decided on, and | sopgratulations poured in from all sides,

ve the sulphur fumes and these will be made 1 i
mi ad the utmost o sion. » conven. |
Biro gulpnorows one for se {n the panet mill. | seen, He bad complained of the smells at | height of their o pers. The chimney of a | unconscious and almost dead, nineteen-year- on ren up is ands tall toca Ga, | his altos! eral a ote
aon G Sout Sicilian and American sul. | tt? Woodstock hospital, though he had never oF Tennis, talk & p As i re fost " 9 old James Woodward, a sailor of the British | two Senators to suggest some suffrage plan | Bill's fame soon epread throughout the aur.
entored it. Now, “Mr. Jackson, whom wotld you advise | steamer Belgoninnd, was last evening mirac- | Ny % {Md be pr Neapir Wwe months working | teaed ty cunbschors aie wank te bovehe ea
Dr. Ryerson, who has Just returned to Canada | me to consult in regard to the work? I have | wlously resuscitated, through the combined | at this problem, and have failed. Give us, | by the man who shaved Gen. Miles ae
hy the steamer Corinthian, declares that all Eales “octieme tn 5 taie aet WY pele fe ire efforts of the crew of the police tug Visitor, — ‘
tha accusations of hospital mismanagement outbuildings. That would be a total of 236,- | Police Surgeon Naylor and the physicians of

 

 

pected to drive out Sicilian and American sul-

ur from all the paper mills of Canada at

t. There will also be made sulphurous

vdride and unas will be compressed into

uid sulphurous acid, All these will be for
in the arts.

 

the benefit of ye: experience and what you | ---
have seen and fearnod at Washington.”

Senator McFnery telegraphed as follows: Shakespeare Improved by Billy Florence, U reached fs 6 tree this inacription:

OTT eEOr COSTS eeer err er retire reer rT irr ey Aten eee ener eeneenee

  

t wer
> o obtain iron ore to mix with the ferro- | are virtually unfounded. He says that Mr, | 000, Then the fences and pavements and the | the Pennsylvania Hospital “ r of tt ‘ i
ckel ore it was necessary to have a mine. | purdett-Coutts never made any complaint to | & planting of trees would probably bri y apital. : “I know @ no bet er plan fora sulfrage arti- “1 put in a day visiting some of your police | : ;
. Hes SEA fash neAeiRE Rte HBS | Him te south Atri: thoueh ho was wo nware | fea saniet Pashar Fie ucens: see | ton avenue mart, and while working on dex | (TOTHC, cumenton Thin” "Tae" recs | cours wuld a St. Lous lawrar who i pend | Aug fv tiie 7
€ ‘ : ; . ; iba - oy [ ’ o oj i Je ry, “ : j , $
5  Movalobenees tale aaias| fat re of eeaie el oe eee a ae “a Soon eeu ‘hap Ree gy Mh: ’ who | last evening Woodward was so affected by the present (tivation “in, Wal tt was ie af ocet tania te oe dee aah gees Be ceeded aia ast. ee et a ae
: j ‘ 7 o , ° a ot hecause of its ects > 7 Ss hav ign t ;
first ore, which has been tested successfully The commissioner insists strongly upon “The_ shrewd cont re and Butiders to | excessive heat that he became mentally de- een t hecause ot soiverest snares Rage | the judiciary of our upper courts. 1 did ans notaries of gy Poe

of early days bore those initia)s.

Early in the morning, usually soon after dav-
break, at Shoshone Lake a strange sound ts
heard in the air, It begins softly in the remote
distance, resembling the singing of telagraph
wires, some have sald, or the peenliar whir of a
trolley car. It we louder and loudér as if
approaches the hearer, then decreases after ‘>
has passed him and dies away In the opposite
direction. The sound has been compared to
various familiar things by different pecple who
have heard it. Prof. Forbes, for example says
that it reminded him of an Molian hurp Pdward
Linton compared it to the humming of a-wartm
of bees: others have likened it to the sound of
the muste of distant bells, and the imagination
of many observers has found various forms of
comparison,” but the phenomenon itself hag
never had a «atisfactory solution Its weird
character comports with its picturesque sur=

undings, and even the moet practical and

ard-hended man visitor must feel a sense of

the qoaatfos eee tas, ore ptalepeent ur whem I reterred ne werord for un estimute ranged, tore his clothing off and jumped over
Mr. Treves to the efact thal tho Fnelish womef | on the cos b t
of rank and fortune at the acene of the conflict rtunity of thelr lives, aye oda fhe ae | ene’ en Cpe Weave be sanges, Uocamm
were in the way of the doctors and a mulsance xorbitunt though the charges seemed,
to the sncepiral authorities. / wart oe is were accepted the estimate will
amall enterie of society people at Caps Town, he | nimity. t t t r¢
ari eae aetna te AevediSern | ae du Brita thes gree op kara’ | ake cee ee ig he Peach he ok
” rities | 8 5 1 9
Thue Landy Roberts and her danahters have 5 on osop) y, ‘bu Altheu is «| tom and stuck in the mud,
equip and sre maneging n private hos- | price to see it put through. ‘ne F » e " ely
pital of thoir own for the sick end wounded, ‘Sire, Crawford selec as the site of her boy 3 ‘work more’ abana ee
which has been almoat entirely furnished by ! town the point where the Cincinnat! and Ports- | the body. It was fifteen minutes before they
contritn: ions sent to South Africa from Mont- moun wuy out through a corner of her | found it, and when Woodward was brought
al. , Mrs Bagot. former| of Ottawa and | big furm, und the building of Althea wus im-] on shore {t was thought that he waa dead
er © tor, Mrs Murray Girthrie, rose daily at | mediately put under way. While the town | Nevertheless the harbor policemen began the
a oe ‘4 or ook in the morning to serve coffee | was still tn un ~~ onic state 6 to New | usual methods for resuscitating partially
at a stall! whie they ept for the purpose at | York to live. ur the next five yeurs I | drowned persons, and after an hour's hard work
B comfonteln station for the nse of the sick | heard but little of the progress of Althea. One| in which they were reénforced by Surgeon
and See eee re frame the front, Ser, Bowers, I reopived « letter bewsisg the eg jor, they were rewarded by seeing Wood-
, y ‘ ark, communica to! ’ . > ;
nor RP am aoe & aveed rane of the fece | fam os cae. Jared be n wus] ward breathe and open his eyes. He was
ar

defeat, and complaints made against the - | see one Ww rity
eepatie ai orite eae ac? Ae he Dem : = a. optpspad indicated levity. The
"Tam opposed to the South Carolina plan por ee ne eae n used to be as good as
It is an expedient. In time, we will have to ua F d b rous. There was one magistrate
adopt the plan herein suggested) A serious Ww x “e. _ a fallor i He always smoked
roblem confronts us. It ought to be solved | Ol the bench, He was very fond of Shakes-
n a manly, courageous and honest way 1 | peare. and wherever he had an opportunity
have no apprehension of negro supremacy or | . made a stagger at a quotation in his deai-
undue negro influence in elections held under | S0M8. | He was a personal friend of Billy Flor-
an educational or property. qualification. ence, and sometimes he would mix it up be-
“The polltax system is sald to be effective in | ‘Ween Shakespeare and orence. On one
Arkansas, Mississippi, and probably in Ten- eer he announced tn advance that he
nessee. Tt may not suit conditions in some | 2 lawyers would rush their cases as he
parts of Louisiana. There is a diversity of | Wanted to go fishing after court. Striking a
opinion which may be reconciled by referring | Match on his docket he added: ‘As Shakespeare
the matter to the Legislature with discretion and Billy Florence would aay, “If ‘twere done
yhen oe done, then ‘twere well ‘twere done

“9

furnaces. It is a vast quarry of high-grade
n ore, suitable for the manufacture of steel,
Containing at least 30,000,000 tons and perhaps
more; no one knows how much. The develop-
Bent of the mine reads like a fairy story,
i even months before the first ore was shipped
' twelve miles down to the lake over a standar
uge road, equipped with the heaviest rails,
metives and cara, out on a big first-class
and heavy ore pier, the place was a wilderness
of forest and swamp. ‘hen there was neither
ine nor trail through the woods from lake
luperior at Michipicoten Harbor to the ore.
f of the eleven months since have been win-
ter, with no means of communication with the
oufaide, and new the equipment is complete,
From December to May there was no way of
: getting men, food, materials, supplies or any-
5 ing else over [25 miles of ice between the
. Bault and Michiplcoten. the equipment t
sawmills, food, tools, supplies from poun
rails to nalis and flour, from_110-ton lo-

5 ie development. This mine hi now ship:

pew of its great depth, is known to rivermen as
equa- | “Dead Man's Dive.” Notwithstanding the

ing, and I must expect to pay a big The crew of the Visitor, which is atationed

 

Co ES

“ onfederate veterans and those who were
voters in 1868 can be protected by provisions

 

permitting them to vote without qualifications es
his is the inclusion of one class and not the More People and Better People

exclusion of another Read Tar Sey than any other paper published. For

ought ‘I | then hurried to the Pennsylvania Aospita
en Senator Caffery took much thesame view, and | this reason you will realize @ quicker responas

wounded and epeaks in warm terms i. about to die,’ wrote Unc! where he became so violent that it waa foun

Comotives and 70-ton shovels to the smallest | of admiration of thetr bravery and endurance. am gone I would like you to have that :
Walooun tad wo ear of wer Tn the ree ee nel are ettremely patient under | of my property jocated tn Al . ite Oe cade Pe oe Sadi tele a iy > clause, even if honestly | shrough sAvertiaing Ve i® columns than through | awe in the presence of this remarkable song
era or attendance, you are the only one of all my ves who has | from his horrible experience. administered, is liable to as many different | summer resus somousber hla aan” 6 ” [cut aeeanetbiebe.

4

kala cNae 7 Ser am ieee t ee CW ok Oh AE RAL Yn DBT RE et .
« ca as “ wet - A tebe ee nihae “2 A ae ov ie al eres Sa Bo ae ree eens

a) a 4 ae
Be mt