hw Neerth.
uit ad tie
eerie idler
te betlecu
ause +t
nm ohe Ves,
ait Vethow
dviam
‘wnat ¢

 

fad

Hitt:

rit

 

 

 

 
 

NEXL PLENARY COUNCIL

CATHOLICS BELIEVE 17
ASSEMBLE SOUN,

 

MERICAN
4 WILL

Need of @ Fourth Council—Free Schools and
the National Representation in the Hier.
archy (he Most Important Matiers to He

piscassed~ Organization of the Council,
wasninoTton, Aug 18.—Those who have

been carefully watching the progress of af-
fairs in the Catholic ( hurch in the United States

. ave reached the

 

 

 

 

 

 

SL
a

THE GREAT PROALEM OF CHINA.
A Pian for the Reorganisation of the Chinese
Empire.

To tue Enrron or Tur SuN~-Sir, At the
cannon's mouth European nations have seized
coast territory in China and established military
reservations thereon, have forced railroad,
mining and other “concessions,” have com-
pelled the introduction of Furopean produc-
tions, practically duty free, and have selzed
and appropriated the nominal customs duties
of 5 per cent., eatablished by themaelves, col-
lecting them by their own agents,

What would our people think if each of the
@reat European nations should attempt to
seize, occupy, fortify and garrison certain of
our seaports, with adjoining territory, and
should seak by force to compel the adinission
here of their goods, duty free, save a nominal
impost of 6 per cent. which they should attempt
to collect by their own agents and to put into
their own pockets? “What is sauce for the
goore is sauce for the ander.” European
nations have “sown the wind; now “they are
reaping tho whirlwind.”

No: the Government of the “libertysloving”
people of the United States has not done any
such naughty thing as that. They have only,
through moral coercion, negotiated the “fa-
vored nation treaty” with China, by which we
are to enjoy all the privileges of the “most
favored nation,” and,through Secretary Hay,
has coneluded with the Furopean nations an
understanding by which we are to enjoy the
advantages of the “open door,”’ in common
with them, We have thus used the European
nations as our catspaw to draw our chestnuts
out of the fire, and European diplomacy has
been only too eager to act as eatspaw that it
may, by the means, rope us into being covert
allies in their plundering game. They open the

 

door, we walk in, Tt is said that “the partaker
is a+ bad as the thief.”

\s a prompt and effective solution of the
Chlnese trouble, and incidentally to put an end

 
 

ghout the world by removing the
iso fo remove all motive for ex-
hausting navies, armies and armaments by
taking away the need of them, I respectfully
propose the following, to be submitted by our

to war fare

cause of it,

) Government, through the Ministers at Wash-
| ington, to the Governments of the allies, and

throug the Chinese Minister to the Viceroys
of China, The eourse of our President thus
far in the present ciffieulty has been wiee and
humane But, bas.the time not now come
when we should, as a nation, advocate full and
exact and should make the
continuance of our ecbveration with the Powers
contingent upon thar accepting the same as
the basia of commen action?

First.-The Viceroyvs to appoint, with the
approval of the representatives of the Powers,
a teniperary regent, to aet until the question
of a permanent Government can be determined
and acted unon, as per claim sixth, following.

.Seeond To carryinto effect the terms
hereof, a supreme council to be established,
consisting of the contracting Viceroys and one
representative of each Power the Viceroys
acting jointly by a materity thereof, and the
the Powers jointly by a

justice to China,

representatives of
maloritv. thereef

Third In the event of the decease or dis-
ability of the temperary regent, the Viceroyvs
to nominate a successor, subject % the approval
of the representatives of the allies.

Fourth. The forees of the Powera to act tn
concert with the Vieeroys and their military
forces, to put down the insurrection, restore
order and eonfirnm in power the old, or estab-
lish onew Government as may be required

Fifth The allies to select a commander-in-
ehief of the allied forces, supported by an
ndvisory consisting of one member
for aac) Power

Sixth [t is important that the loyai Viceroys
he immediately made to understand the atti-
tude of the Powers that agreement to friendly
coéoer tion may be practicable, and may be
made before there are further complications.
The Imperial Government at Pekin cannot now
be communicated with. Henoe, for these two

couneil

' reasons, the necessity of a temporary regent, o8

during the past few years
ae raion that the fourth plenary counoctl ts
aghout due, This impression prevails not only
{n Washingtor but also in all parts of America,
i Meme and in Europe, The indications all
gee to point to the probability that within a
year anothes great gathering of the American
hierarchy will be called, which should, indeed,
be creater than any of those in the past. From
gl] quarters comes approval of the proposal
and a report from Rome that the Pope looks
upon it with favor leacs to the bellef that the
eounci! will soon be called If Pope Leo XII.
gould receive the decrees of another plenary
nhtecountes and pass upon the fruits

> »« eourse toward Atmericen during a pon-
tificate of a fifth of a century, he can seareely
bone te do so unless the council is speedily
called Many members of the hierarchy can
expect fo attend but one more co incil, so that
they ild seareely Interpose any ohiection
to the holding of a coun ‘Lat the present time

bop holding of a couneil will mean much to
the Catholie Chureh and much to the country
atiiage Wienary coune Is nee unlike the gene
eri vieripgs of Protestant churches, There
ict i period which mist elapse between
te ne aud t calling of another
When they are ld the princes and prelates of
the | ither from all quarters of the
« ’ npanied by the most learned
t 1's vat Clogqueat preachers and
the at pow? i} Cehaters that the Chureh
cer ' The | neil in Baltimore has
be le hed as the greatest gathering of a
eu ever held in this countey, and sinee
te bilities have grown until the next
© ibly be expected far to eclipse its
’ 4 vat ictee, ’ iw elarved ince
the Third Plenary Cont lelo ed in bla if

Sundi. Sines then the

: diel and the | f the hier hy
b great alt | reading ibbon
cooded Card Mechs 4 he p Cor
riz asl ’ the Metron ' y aid
{ne | f Atner Arevh me Ireland
ha: teined vik »Arehh Arch.
bi! »Ka i i ntedtott revin
of St. I \r bh on Chanelle to that of
Ranta Fe and vow Orleans, agd |
Archbishos Riowda to that of San Frane |
Pa Mar. Setol'i, t rsitnnlo M mnsinor, |
cat to Ame he firet Papal Dele. |
eg and returned a Cardinal These sixe |
te ven t wit vl ‘ OnCeption
} d growth of the Catholic I niver-
et e rise of Bichoy Keane to ao frectore |
# to t ar hover Dubucne
FT vi vat » and | 1 nt have |
bor vayed 1 w school ques.
tion, believed ive heen settled by the last
©) , hae be the yiect of many disputes
and romaine still practica unsettled = Tn
Adiition there tiasb farnious Dr MeGtenn
caw, the cre of B » Bonaecnin, the en-
trance of Mer. Ire {intyt political arend
ani many offer intersstiog and) important
do velopment fie Coureh hae grown in
influence, power and wee Its member-
ahin Vs consta enced There i he
Imoression that anor! vineil would eall
forth the best of ) member and draw the
different part f the country into more har-
mons Almost lore oa tine has elapsed
since the Third Plenary Couneil as elapsed
between the second aod the third. Yet from
2884 to 19%) the country and the Chureh have
grown much more ra id’y than between 1863
ered 1884

When the call for ha eouneil does come
there will be several cities in the fleld as aspir-
ants for the entertaining it At least
Pow York, Baltimore and Washington will be |
considered New York, as the wealthiest

of the provinces, would
lection as the place of meeting Washington,
as the residence of the Papal Delegate, will
alse have a chance, and as the Catholic Uni-
versity is here, it would be a splendid place for
the delegates to meet. But Baltimore will
almost undoubtedly have the honor of enter-
taining the couneil when it is called together,
It is the primal see of the country; from it all
others sprung, and in Baltimore have all the
plenary and general councils been held. In
addition it is the seat of the Cardinal-Arch-
bishop, who will probably be called to preside
over this as he did over the last,

Here an interesting Question
the precedence to which Mgr, Martinellt or
Cardinal Gibbons is entitled, Cardinal Me-
Closkey would have been delegated by Leo
XIIl. to preside over the council of 1884 had

comes up of

be been able to do so, Owing to the illness of
the prelate, which terminated shortly after
in his death, Cardinal Gibbons, then Arch-

bishop of Baltimore, was selected and em-

powered by a missive from the Pope to call the
eolncil together and to preside as Apostolic

Delegate. These councils are all presided
over by the Apostolic Delegate especially se-
cted tor the occasion, Kut since then the Vat-
oan has been represented in this country by a
Specially selected delegate, at present Mer
Martinelli, who is supposed to represent in his
freon the person and dignity of the Pope
Barve When the call for the counctl comes
it is expected it will come through Mer. Martin-
@ili, Dut at presen! it is an open question as to
Wieiher Le or Cardinal Gibbons will be se-
‘ted as the Apostolic Delegate to preside over
te deliberations, Cardinal Giobons as Cardinal
Outranks the Archbishop; ye the latter, repre-
@enting the Pope, takes the precedence over
the Cardinal.
When it does convene the membership will
imposing inthe extreme, At these councils
here are i attendance the Cardinal, the Arch-
ishops, the Bishops, the heads of religious
Orders, the mitred abbots, and many hundreds
of the lesser priests and members of religious
orders, Lhe council of 1884 called together a
Cardinal, fourteen Archbishops, sixty Bishops,
Ove visiting Bishops from foreign countries,
@even abbots, a Prefect Apostolic, eleven Mon-
bignors, eighteen Vicar-Generals, twenty-three
buperiors of religious orders, twelve rectors of
Sininaries and ninety theologians. All these
* admitted to participate in the deliberations,
ut only Archbishops Bishops and abbots vote.
he purpose of the next council can be sume
@arized in the words of the call for the last
The enactment of salutary laws for the pro-
Motion of piety and sound morals; the cor-
fection of abuses; the establishment, as far as
racticabie, of greater uniformity of ecclesias-
Cal discipline, the development of the Chris-
an commonwealth, “the quickening and
sNeugthening of the bonds of charity which
ghoul bond us all as members of the Christian
amily to our God and to each other
Space perinits but an allusion to two of the
+ important questions to be considered at
¢ coming conneil, the question of the maiiu-
ance of the parochial schools, and the rep-
Ferectation in the hierarchy of the different
éonalities composing the Church in America
he first question was supposed to have been
Getlied at tne last council Be since then Cardi-
Da Satolli submitted his fourteen propositions,
thow appears as if the movement toward free
Parochial as well as free public achools was
BAlNing such strength that the day is fast ap-
Droaching when the preseat form must give
Way The Church recognizes that it ean no
OngeT expect its members in the day when ed-
Uration is so much demanded to send their
galidren to inferior schools and stand a double
a lhe demand is being made on all sides for
Bhat, parochial schools and the old clerev have

ce the proposition. “We must bave free
cer ois the eaal of any inthe land, if we would

cour children
ean® other Question has gained so much
“ig curing the last few veara that it has
tan * Amatter of almost paramount impor-
e The French-Canactan Catholies, who

Dumber a milion,

wit necor jing to their sta. »ment,

He a tt ® borders of the Unitet States, are
oh ing a Cemand for representation in the
ane ey o, Phe Germans, the Poles, the Ital-
Bnd ace nt more priests; they cemand Bishops
n Archbishops
Moat in the ¢ hureh
Matter has

For years the f reign ele
has been muttering. This
awn all the netionalities closer to-

 

   

 

Fort unite: and soli ifie! them until they
trenat 6 backbone and almost the entire
Ml le conservative wing of the Church,

than ap Trat in their uoion they are stronger

c lusts other elements, they have enrefully
‘an tf At exchange of sentiment ant in-

Beet aoa fre presare! to cemand of the
Sey cae i that their wishes he complie + with
thar 2d iesires @ratifie!. An! it is believe |
mee Mlenary eounel will bring about, by
Of there t eoting of the levers of all lines
Reemont toe Church, a better anit more
Chrous feeling than coula be hoped for

46) anything else

The question whether the
will be recognived as

clause first
Government

per
Imperial

| having discharged as best it could its inter-

have a chance for se- |

| proper time

|

ssh hess iss lsh nststnsssnsntnsseens

national obligations and‘ ita duty to China,
or, per contra, will be treated as an ally of the
Roxers onda foe to both China and the allies,
will depend upon the couree it

Aa contracting parties, in its

this question will be determined
by the Board of Viceroys, subject to the ap-
proval of the representatives of the Powers.
If in favor of the throne, and the throne ts
ready to ecBnerate, then the regency to lanse
in favor of the throne, which will carry out
the understanding had between the allies and
the Vieerovs, Otherwise, the regency to con=
tinue until order {= restored, when the Vicerors
will nominate an Emperor, sublect to the ap-
provel of the Powers, all in accordance with
Chinese usage and Chinese wishes

Seventh The solidarity, Integrity and inde-
pendence of the whole Chinese Empire to be
guaranteed

Fiehth--The right claimed by all other Pow-
ers, exch for itself, to regulate and administer
its own affairs, internal and external, to be con-
ceeded to China.

Ninth—Trade by China with other Powers
shall be voluntary and not compulsory, with
the right acceded to her to establish and ad-
minister her own customs, trade, emtgration
and immigration laws, without discrimination
for or against any of the Powers, except as
and as to countries that discriminate against
her

Tenth—Except as above modified, China to
grant to all nations the rights and privileges
which, by international law and the customary
usage of nations, are accorded by them to one
another, on the one hand; and, on the other
hand, the same rights and privileges to be
granted by all the contracting Powers to China.

Fleventh—China to give money indemnity to
the Powers on behalf of their subjects, reapec-
tively, upon a common basis of award, for all
loss and damnge to them resulting from the
acts of Chinese subjects--which shall be ad-
judged reasonably, and with due reference to
the fact that the same has resulted from the
acts of insurrectionists, for which China, as a
nation, though she may be legally, is not
morally responsible.

Twelfth—The pecuniary cost of the war, on
the part of the allies, in the first instance, to be
borne equally by each of the contracting allied
Powers, irrespective of the magnitude of the
military forces contributed hy each’ the same
to be ultimately reimbursed by China, by exe-
cution of bonded obligations, or otherwise, as
may be agreed upon by and between the new
Government to be established and the allied
Powers, acting jointly: but neither the Powers,
nor any of them, shall hold territory, or collect
customs or internal taxes as security for nay-
ment so lonw as the Chinese Government is
faithful to its obligations, in accordance with
the usage obtaining among civilized nations
generally

Thirteenth— All, high or low, so far as the
same can be determined, who have violated
the rules of civilized war, ehall be tried by the
new Government, and, upon conviction, those
who have subjected others to torture, jiave mur-
dered those not in arms against them. or have
killed opponents after surrender, shall be pun-
ished by death, and others in accordance with
the gravity of the offence

Fourteenth—-All railroad, mining and other
“concessions” to foreigners to be surrendered to
the Chinese Government, said Government
to reimburse for actual outlay thereunder, with
interest, and to take over the properties

Fifteenth—The allies to aid China in the es-
tablishment of the general government in Man-
churia, and other of its possessions, if -o needed,
to the end that there may be a stable national
Government, under control of the Chinese race,
throughout the Emptre.

Sixteenth— All the territorial military conces-
Lons except Port Arthur to be surrendered to
the Chinese Government after ten years with-
out compensation, and foreign troops to be
withdrawn therefrom

Seventeenth Pending decision on the-e pro-
posals the United States Government to act

necessarily

has

pursued

   

concurrently with the other Powers upon exist-
ing lines of action, reserving to itself the right,
if the same be not speedily accepted by the
Powers and a majority of the Viceroys, to
withdraw from codperation with the Powers,
to act singly in its own interest; separately, to
withdraw its forces, and separately to submit
the whole on our part to the Congress of the
United States for final determination, in accord-
ance with the Constitution of our Government.

T think it would be well, if the Powers and
Chinu can among themselves so agree, to
grant to Russia @ further slight territorial ad-
dition in Manchuria, to give that Power a rail-
road route within ite own territory to the sea,
in connection with {ta open water port outlet
at Port Arthur, as that seems needful to the
prosperity and development of ite vast Asiatic
territory, and this, in connection with the great
benefit China would derive from the settlement
ana whole, and the concillation of a powerful
and now friendly neighbor, China, no doubt,
through ‘ta Viceroys, would Immediately accede
to. In connection therewith, and as an offset,
Japan should be allowed the fruits of her former
victory at arma, in the possession of Corea, 80
unjustly taken from her by the other Powers,
being needful as an outlet to her surplus
population. But T would not jeopard the ac-
ceptance of the proposals by making these a
névesanry condition thereto, These conces-
sions should be granted without compensation
or offecis to other Powers territorially, as the
like needs of conditions do not exist as regards
any of the other of them.

This would make us leaders in the most hen-
eficent undertaking for man of all the cages. It
would put us and all the other Furopean Powers
inthe position of frien/stoChina andthe Chin-
ese people, and nite the whole 490,000,000 of the
race with the allies in the overthrow of the
Rover insurrection the establishment of
order It would at once receive the united
support and approval of all the previnces
not already (n the Boxers’ hands. The Prov-
inces would provide treope, and so lift mueh
of the burden from the Powers At friends
with all the world, confidence restored and all
fear. of foreign aggression forever removed
the Chinese people, by their own aet, would
eagerly adopt European ideas and methods,
Imitating the Japanese there would be a na-
tienal awakening, such as the world has never
before seen, In the end, the trade of China,
so coveted by other nations, would be worth
five times what under existing conditions it
could ever be, and would cost the Powers noth:
ing 'o “eure

On the other hand, !f we should go on upon
present lines there would be distrust of the
foreizners in all provinces: there would be
grave danger of other, if not all the provinces,
{n the interest of national independence, join-
Ing the Boxer movement. At best the burden
of putting down insurrection would fall wholiv
upon the foreign Powers. At its end it would
leave the ¢ still sore and distrustful,
lending no hand to the maintenance of order.
It would leave the territorial military con-
cessions in the hands of foreign Powers, re-
quiring larce forees to hold them, necessi-
tating a joint Kuropean and Armertean pro-
tectorate aud a vast allied force of hundreds
of thousands for all time, until the usurpation
was ended, to garrison the hundreds of cities
of a nation of 100,000,000 and keep them in
control. Under whatever name, and by what-
ever understanfing, it would make the Chinese
a subject people. Under the load of mili-
tary taxotion, burdened with vast armaments,
the mearre trade of a resistant people would
cost twenty times what would evar be derived
from ‘t. It would arrest and prevent modern
reform and national development tn China

The need of action is immediate and impera-
tive. Our Government {ts in direct communt-
cation with those of all the Furopean Powers
England and Japan will no doubt at once accept.
Russia, whose sovereign instituted the recent
peace congress, and whose interests plainly
Ne in that direction, will follow, and France,
Germany and the lesser powers will speedily
fall in line. The next stap, looking at the
matter practically, in the light of existing
conditions, will be to publish this to China

and

nese

and the world aa the basia upon which the |

Powers, with their military forces, will act,
inviting the Viceroys as fast as they can be
reached to accede thereto, making the agree-
ment their own, and to codnerate, shoulder
to shoulder, with their military foress and
civie machnery. Proceeding in the manner
above indicated, the whole difficulty oould
be speedily put in the way of practical solu-
tion.

Saving the plague spot in Turkey and an
occasional petty serimmage between savage
tribes, the sole remaining cause of war among
mankind ia to be found in this attempt of Furo-
pean nations to exploit upon the feebler peo-
ples of Asia and Africa. The incident feal-
ousies of one another demand vast armaments.
By thisfresh departure, upon the lines of justice
and equity between man and man, the eves
of the world would be opened, and this practi-
enlly now sole cause of war would be forever
removed, The world would never again re-
turn to the old way. There need then be no
agreement to disarmament: the need of it
being removed, nations, one after another,
would speedily voluntarily adopt it.

Trropore D. KeiLoaa.

New York, July 78

CALIFORNIA'S TURF GARDEN.

The tate €. P. Hantington’s Co-operation
Toward Improving Growth of Grasses.

It is not known generally tha: California
owes to the late Collis P. Huntington the es-
tablishment on the Pacific Slope of a State
turf garden. Mr. Huntington always was
interested in the promotion of agriculture,
and for many years was a friend and patron
of James Bradford Oleott of Connecticut.
Mr. Olcott is endowed with a strain of quaint
originality, and Mr. Huntington liked men
of ideas. Mr. Olcott made up his mind many

ears ago that what thie country needed most
bese the clothing of its hillsides and meadows
with the ancient grazing grasses of older
countries, He made two trips around the

lobe to collect the finest specimens of sod

rat the world could show, and these are matn-
tained in a “grass garden” under the sur:
vision of the Connectient Agricultural Experi-
ment Station on Mr. Olcott's homestead in
South Manchester, Conn

Mr. Olcott desired to start a State turf gar-
den in California, principally for the reason
that better turf is badly needed in that State,
and also that his experiments might not be in-

 

 

terfered with hy the long New England win-
ters. He appealed to Mr. fluntington and
his request was notin vain, Mr fluntington

ut at Mr. Oleott's disposal free transportation
‘or ile turf from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
and also made arrangements for the as-
tablithimont «of the garden in a proper place in
southern California

Torn en Your Back and Drift Ashore.
From the Jacksonville Metr

A guest at my sunimer place a few miies from
Pablo, while bathing was carried ou! to sea, and
when almost out of sight and all hope had fled,
to our surprice we suddenly saw his body im-
pelled forcibly toward us, Then we saw it re-
cede a few feot, and then avain, as it were,
shoot twenty feet toward the shore. This con-
tinued until my son and myself, at last able to

reach him, bore him insensible to the beach.

After recovery, his etory was that after losing
all hope, guided by come mysterion» impulse,
he haa turned upon his back, when he fell him-
self carried rapidiv forward. He had then
turned over upon his face to ee! his bearings,
when he was carrie? out further from the land,
and on again placing himeelf upon bis back the
surface waves brought him rapidly totheshore,
a reacued man

It js an error that the drowning man is
attacked by cramp except in very cold weather
He drowns from heart fallure, induced by the
violent exertion and the upward pressure of the
water upon the abdomen diminishing the space
and impeding the action of the heart. By turn-
ing over on the back this pressure is removed
the back being almost entirely a strong wall of
bone and musele, Also when on the back, the
entire body is nearer the surface and the sur-
face waves tend toward the shore, the under-
current out tosea, even the legs, when upon
the back, :eing less exposed to the current
that tends toward thesea, By flontine gently
upon the back the heart, relieved of its
rresaure, beeomes calm and quiet, and the
swimmer can regain his streneth and float for
heures. The bather who ¢ hecrt is weak should
always present, when standing erect, the richt
side of the body tothe waves, and*thus avoid
the Sullivan-like blows ofthe incoming waves
npooserippled heart. In every bathhouse
should be pested the ininnetion: “In case of
exhaustion or accident, turn upon the back.”

polia

iii iain taeda eects niece

i tenet nn

| atretch

si aencentaall ie leiaceatidisiitaasiinain
THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 19,

THE NATURE OF A HUNCH,

KINGSY LIEPSTEIN, NEWSHOY, GETS A
TIP ON THE BRACES

He Heard «a Hovkmaker Speak About the
Horse King Lief and the Similarity in the
Names Made Him Certain of the Winner in
the KMuce Bets Made by His triemds,

Kingey Liefstein, who sella wuxtras up around
Longacre Square, bas been purchasing twenty-
to-the-pack bunches of cigarettes and dispens-
ing the smokes among hia intimates with reek-
leas prodigality since Tuesday afternoon last.”

On Tuesday morning Kingsay, whose ears
stand out straight from the sides of hia head
and whose lamps look like a switehyard, a8 his
pals among the newsles put it, because his eyes
aro crossed in so many different directions, was
peddling a small bunch of first editions at the
northeast corner of Broadway and Forty-
second street and at the same time watching out
for butts when a eplendid-looking chap, known
to Kingsy as @ bookmaker, nodded to him for a
paper. Kingsy had handed the paper over to
the <tooiman with the royal raiment and was
figuring on not having any change In case he
aot a nickel or a ditne, when one of the book-
maker's acquaintances emerged from a neigh-
boring saloon and approached,

Greetings were exchanged between the book-
maker and his acquaintance, while the former
fumbled tn hia change pocket for the price of
the paper

“Been up the line, haven't you?” inquired the
book maker's friend,

“Yes,” replied the bookmaker; “just got back
last night.”

“How's the game up there this year?”
quired the bookle’s acquaintance.

Pretty fair,” replied the bookmaker, just
back from Saratoga Didn't go on the block
myself. Just went up for a reat, The boys
Beem to be getting theirs, though.”

I've been fiddling along here between the
beach and town,” said the acquaintance, “Just
picking up enough for an occasional dish o’
orabs, taking ‘em as them come at the rooms
Don't know whether to stay in town to-day or
to hike down to the rolling waters, Anything
fn to-day?"

The bookmaker, forgetting for the moment to
dig up to Kingsy Liefstein, who was quite willing
to be temporarily forgotten under the circum-
stances, for Kingsy has the dope for two vears
back, and he flaured that he stood a chance of
hearing something -—- glanced over the entries

Smith's got a baby in the first,” he finally
antd. “King Lief's the one. First out. He's
the goods, Keen burning up the track up there,

Wouldn't be surprised to see him put in on
Commando and Olynipian and Cap and Bells
and the rest of that hot push before the ring-
ff around the Springs, if they all go together
He'll de

‘
ine

iw this King Lief work myself
Smith's holding him out for big coin -$15,000
or £20,000. or something like that. In the first
to-day. Nothing in it to make him canter
Ought to be a price, at that. I'm going to shy
a few after him.”

“Good enough,” said the acquaintance

*Much obliged
an ace or so around that one
the first, you say?’

“Uh-huh,” replied the bookmaker, and then
noticing Kingsy, he handed the boy a. nickel
and strolled off,

Kingsy Liefstein crossed over to the oppo-
site corner, his bosom in a tumult

“So they got me in th’ foist race, her?” he
reflected full of inward excitement. “King
laef, he saya, didn't he? An’ Kingsy Lief-
stein’s th’ way me John Hancock goes down
on checks, aint it? Wot's de matter wit’ dat

‘ra hunch? King Lief's de boid, hey? Say,
f I let dis steer git away from me, den it's
nottin’ but farmin’ f'r mine f'r th’ rest o' me
Maybe wont have a two-plunk
sit-down at th’ Corbett-McCoy mill if dis good
ting goes troo, say!”

First pines? went over to a sportive boss
barber that he knew in Sixth avenue

“Well, I'm in de folst sprint at de Springs,”
he announced mysteriously to the boas barber
who had frequently got pretty fair second-han
tips from Kingsy

“Go avay -I am troo mit der bonies, Kingsy,”
replied the bose barber. “Noddings to do,
hein? Id’s all off. In sigs munds more dey
ged mine shob, ain’d it?”

‘But this one’s de gooda, an’ he's named
after me,” replied Kingey. “It’s jus’ a pleas-
ant airin'’ f'r Kine Lief, see? IT hoid one o'
de main slate jugglera pass de woid wen I
was rubberin’ aroun’ aw'ile ago. You wantt’

ton, Jake, an Till bearoun’ f'r me bit ‘bout
‘rae o'clock.”

The boss barber asked Kingsy a whole lot
f questions, began to waver when he heard
ow Kinuwsy had got the tip hot and right off
the bat, and finally perceived the tremendous
hunch possibilities {n the connection between
the name of his tipster, Kingsy Liefatein, and
the name of the horse, King Lief.

‘Vell, I lose me a few tollar, maype,” he
wound up by saying, and Kingsy went down
the line among the barkeepers on his list.

“q'lang,” said the first of them that Kingsy
tackled. “They ain't no such mutt aa King

def.”

“It is his folet out,” expoatulated Kingey.
*Look at de entries, dat's all.’

The barkeep dug out a morning paper and
looked over the Saratoga entries, where he
found King [Lief entered in the first race.

“Say, Kingay, wot kin’ of a drill Is this ye're
trvin’ t’ poke into people?” the barkeep ine
quired. “Named after youse? What fer?

“Say, youse look who 1 am, dat’s all,” r -
plied Kingsy, and then he pulled himself to-

ether and explained to the mixer how he had
fa pened to vet wise to the King Lief trick.

“Well, maybe I'll go along a few wit’ you,
Kingay, if T can get off,” finally said the bar-
keep, visibly {mpressed. “Say, a racenag
named after youse oughtn't t' make more'n
four mile an hour wit’ nottin’ but a couple o'
winmimen's hats in de saddle.”

“Rack t' yer truck, youse, he'll come in usin’
de bit f'r a to. t'piek,” playfully replied Kingsy,
as he shot out to go after the rest of his string
of friends

By noon he had covered his whole route,

nd had twelve of them screwed up to the

etting point--not so much because they tock
any stock In what Kingsy had heard the book-

vaker say, but because the horse's name and

ingsy’s looked so much alike a_copper-
sheathed, hermetically sealed hunch that they
fet they'd be queering their luck ff they let
t get away from them.

f; n of them were at one of the Forty-second
street poolrooms by 2 o'clock on Tuesday and
the other two turned up, looking mysterious,
hefore the first line of hetting came in on the
iret Saratoga race. Kingsv had been on hand
on@ before and be fittisd from one to the other
of them aa they entered,

“Say, d'je bring de big valler papes ‘long
wit’ youse®” Kingey inqulred tn a lioarse whis-
per of a Sixth avenue saloonkeener who hud
yielded in the morning to Kingey's eloquence
*t'r if youse didn't, vouse is smokin’ stoates,
dat's all. I got anudder line on dis Ring Lief
a few minits ego, an’, say, it'll be a shame t’
take de money

*"“'wan,” said the saloonkeeper, depre-
eatingly, to Kinasy. “Say. oH heap me busy
eatin’ up vour faleo alarms, like 1 guess this
one is.”

“Sav, Jake, don't vou shoot In no lese’n fifty
on dis, see?” said Kinasy to the hose barber,
pailing that nerespiring personage in a corner.
“Tlera’s de chance o' yer life aince youre
landed. I knows a ready-money gazeeb dat'a
goin’ t' push #590 after it in de roome right
aroun’ here.”

“Go ould unt led me pe.” replied the boss
barber, mopning his forehead, “TI vish vou
vould whtob running mv shob Into unt shpeak-
ing me dese faig goot tings You maig me
avay from mv bisnese keeb, nod? Fifte tollar’
You are wrazy, Kinesv.”

Thus Kingav drifted around, keeping up the
nerve fe hie cllerts on his aecidentaily -vinp-
rooted good thing and sounding them as to
the amounts they intended to put down -with
his bit in view, In case it all went through ae-
cording to schedule

The (ret betting came in
the favorite at even money and King Ijet wae
eecond ehoiea at 2tot Ae it was King Vief'a
firet start, it was obvious that the tip was out
with reward to him

The price card had no sooner been put up
than Kingsy's gang made a rush for the win-
dow to get down. They were inapired to do
this by Kingsy's hoarsely uttered warning
that the price was lable to be cut before the
second betting. Kinesy stood alongside the
window, watching his ellente nuttine down
their money, and making mental notes of the
amount put down by each. He observed with
aativfaction that the amallest aum het by anv
of thers was $20, and that the boss barber, the
Sixth avenue saloon keeper, and two of the
barkeeps each bet 850 on King Lief straight

The second betting came in Tuat as the last
of Kingsy's gane was giving his number after
having made his bet, and then Kinesy's dozen
began to warm un to him: for, as he had pre-
dicted, King Lief’s price was cut squarely in
two, and the good thing was chalked un an
equal even money favorite with Gold Heel.

“Nottin’ to it,” said Kingsy, when they aath-
ered around him and looked him over. “Not-
tin’ in de world Youse people wouldn't know
youse was livin’ if T didn't come aroun’ an’ jolt
youse un onet in a wile.”

“Voll,” said the boss barber, “if dot shkate
don'd do sometings, T ean see vere dis hunsh-—"

“Thev're off at Saratoga'” sung out the oper.
ator. “King Lief in front!”

“Py jiminentiy, he geds avay, anvhow, don'd
{t'” gurgled the boss barber, breaking off what
he was going to say with regard to impending
disaster. “If he don‘'d vin now-—"

“The King is at the quarter, Gold Heels sec-
ond, a neck away!” called out the onerafor

“Aw, that one of ours is a dead one he's col-
ared already,” disgnetediy ejaculated the
Slixth avenue saloonkeeper. “I'm nex’ t’ teseh

Guesa ['ll stay up and drop
King Lief in

Gold Heels was

 

 

4906.

——_——

 

uarter mutta. They make a big bluff, an’
then”

"King Lief at the half by three lengths, Gold
feels second!” droned the telegrapher.

"Dey 'll neffer get him neler!” shouted the
boss barber, Jumping up and excitedly mop-
ping the «weatband of his hat

‘Tt'a like stealin’ the liatchet from a cl@ar-
store Injun,” calinly replied Kingsy, putting
his thumbs where the armholes of his watst-
coat ought to have been. “It's a shame ft walk
out wit’ de man's cush

“King Lief ia at the three-quarters by four
lenwtha,” continued the Cann

 

*Neffer in de vide voild vill dey get de Kaiser,
hein!” yalled the boss barber, “Kingsy, I mulg
youn bresent off .

“The King in the stretch by four lengths,
Gold Heels second!” pursued the operator

‘Say, do I see de Corbett-MeCoy lil, may-
be!" muttered Kingsy to hinsself “Dol i

King Lief wins, easy, by three lengths
called out the operator, in & matter-o fact
tone, and then the chorus of “Wow that
went up for Kingsy’s bunch caused the pool-
room proprietor to come out from behind the
desk and scowl and ask than if they wanted
to wet hia place pinched, ;

Fifteen minutes later Kingsy’s dozen col-
ected at the window, and skinned their wads
n proportion to their. winnings, gnd when
Kingsy walked over to the corner of Hroadwa
1) Forty-second street and stood and grinn
‘or a rooment, and then haughtily beckoned
one of hia pals, who was packing an armful
of unsold wuxtres, to approach, Kingsy
bought three evening papers for a nickel, gave
his pala flash at his $04 bundle, and then hooped
onto a Broadway car, just for a ride, with no
possibility of befng chased by the conductor.

CATCHING SEA TURTLES,
How They Are Captured by Fishermen of the
Georgia Coast.

From the Savannah Morning News.

One of the favorite summer sports of the fish-
ermen and marooners of Savannah is turtle
hunting on the sandy beaches of the neighbor-
{ng islands, where from May to August the tur-
thes come out to lay thelr egge.

On the long. flat «tretches of sand the turtle
crawls about one hundred feet or more from the
water line and there, w.th her flippers scooping
oute rou d hole from two feet to three feet deen,
deposits her ergs, often 3°0 or more, covering
every fifty orso with athin layer of sand, and
putting a final layer of considerable thickness
ov-r the top of the nest after her maternal
duties are finished, This fina! filling in of the
nest she «meothe off even with the beach, and,
after making the surroundings as nearly os
poss ble like the remainder of the beach, if un-
disturbed, crawls back to the water with the
pleasing consciousness of duty well performed
and the confident conviction that in ashort
time her maternal heart will b» gladdened with
a numerous progeny.

Even when she escapes with her life, how-
ever, ler hopes of a family are often disap-
pointed, for turt'e eggs are conceded to bea
delicacy by nearly everybody who has tried
them, from the greenest cracker, whose only
conception of a turtleis the pound and a half
terrapin of the inland awamps and ponds to the
most sceomplished enfeure familiar with the
celebrated dishes of every land, and itis this
teothsomeness of her produe’ that leads to the
undoing of the turtle’s hopes, for during the
season of her laying the nests are sought for
cominuously, and many of them found and
robbed of their contents. The method of
search is very simple: where the tracks of the
turtie are found leading up the beach they are
followed, and the ground at various points
alone the trail tested by means of a «lender rod
or waking cine. The nest is distinguished
when reached by the ready yielding of thesand,
and the hunters agoon out the sand with their
band-~ and appropriate th eges

Bet itis in securing the turtle itself that the
hunter finas the greatest pleasure. The hunt is

Imost always made at night, and preferably
duri i moonlight. The eond.tions are best
about the middie of May, during a fuli moon,
andin th: early morning hours. Then skirt ng
the water line, the hunters walk along the
beach, keeping a sharp lookout for tracks as
they pass along, and a@ stil sharper lool;out
ahead for the creature itself. On a clear night
the great, slumbering animal can be distin-
gushed along way of, When one is sighted,
the liunters determine their further proceed.
ings n accordance with the position of the
creature with respect to the nearness of the
water | ne and its evident intentions. If on its
way to make a nest, which is known by its
crawitng up the sand and away from the water,
there is no perticular need to hurry, as, unless
disturbed, theturtie will no! return to the water
until she has de: osited hereggs. So usually
the hunters are content to wait a safe dis'ance
avay unt!l the neat has been completed and the
a tual lasing of the eggs begun. Then they
may a;proach with impunity, for the turtle,
one: on the nest, will net meve until she has
oot leted her task. Itis when -he commences
her retreat to the water that the hunters secure
ber by catehing the side of the sheliand turnin
her overon her back, where ¢he lies norae an
ecanonly fan her mighty and powerful flippers
in wrathy im: otence .

The turtle is a firin believer that discretion ia
the better part of valor and sheshows fight
only when cornered and has no way of es-
cape, Should she eatch sight of her natural
eoemy, man, before she has begun to lay, she
wil at onee beat a hasty retreat toward the
water, scaling the hard beach and throwing
back quantities o. sand in her! aste But when
she is brought to bay she will both bite and
etrike heavy blows with her flippers, and these
must be carefully avoided while she is being
turned on her back

It is owing to her efforts to injure her enemies
that her final undoing {s accomplished, for, like
most of the family Tostudinata the turtle can
daw its he d into the shell and close its flippers
close to its sides, making itself practically im-
pervious to attacks. Ths ita captor knows,
and so when ready to slaughter it he pokes its
head with a stick until, tostop the annoyance
the animal extends ita head, when itis cut off

| by a well-directed blow with hatchet or axe.

Some persons claim that ‘here can be found in
the turtle portions that tarte like and resemble
in arpesrance chicken meat, veil and heef-
stenk, bit the average marooner finds in the
turte only turtle, which both in texture and
taste closely resembles beefstenk

Turtles are still quite numerous on Warsaw,
though not nearly so plentiful as they were
several vears ago, when*as many as nine have
been turnedin one night. ‘They average in size
from the comparatively smal! one of 100 pounds
to 600 pounds, and in ex eptional cases #00.
One caught seven vears ago weighed fifty
sounds more than the last number, and eatab-
fiohed a record for large turties that has since
remained unbroken. A few have been caught
during the present season, but no very large
ores Only inst week one was caught under
exceptional conditions It erawled out on the
beach of Cabbage Island during the broad day-
light. Ite life paid for its temerity, however,
for it was seen by aneuro fisherman, who for-
sook his lines for the bigger game and suc
ceeded in bagwing It.

LEGLESS POLICEMAN DALRYMPLE,.

He Is a Good Officer and Performs Fvery Daty
That Devolves Upon Bim.
Frown the Philadelphia Timea
Bereft of his feet Charles C. Dalrymple has for
@ixteen years past acted as an officer of the law
in New York State and Pennsylvania. During
this time he has made a remarkable record that
many more fortunate officers would be proud
to possess. Ile has arrested the boldest kind of
criminals, and has never allowed one to escape
the penalty of the law by gaining their freedom,
Bert Hare, a Pennsylvania hotel man, arrested
on the charge of selling intoxicating drinks to
minors, was the only man who ever got away
from the footle:s officer for any length of time
Hare was given an opportunity to secure bonds-
nen and ran away Vor three weeks Officer
Dalrymple searched for the missing hote| man,
finally rearresting him
As yet the plucky officer has never confronted
@ man too strong or quick to prevent his hand-
culling bim. Mr. Dalrymple possesses extraor-
dinary strength, and might ietly be called a
second Sandow. He ik a good fighter, a trained
wrestler and has never met defeat in acatch-as-
catch can match During his aixtoen years of
service Mr. Dalrymple acied aa constable of
Frewsburg, a large town near Jamestown, N.Y
About six vears ago he left there and went
to Kinzua, a small town in Warren county, Pa
lie was elected constable cf the town during
the first year of his residence, and still holds the
omer,
Mr. Dalrymple lost bis feet Nov. 17, 1865,
while trying to dismount:rom arapidly movin
rain at Franklin, Pa. Onelimb was amputate
ourteen inches below the knee, the other seven
inches. Since then he has moved about on his
knees with an ease and rapidity that is no less
than remarkable Mr. Dalrymple is a good
horseman, and spends some ol his timo in ogri-
cultural pursuits. He can dismount from a car-
riage or @ wagon With as much ease apparentiy
as an orainary person
Previcus to the unfortunate socident at
Franklin Mr. Dalrymple was a soldier. From
1863 to 1865 he drove a teim for the United
Btates Government. He enlisted In the One
Volunteer Intantry in 1862, and was honora-
bly discharged ot Nashville, Tenn July 6, 1865
He draws a small pens on. As acitizen Mr. Dal-
ryvmple is also a reat credit 'o any town. He
is honest and uorebt, and cwns considerable
realestate, He bas a wife and two chiidren, a
eon, Ainith, and a duughte Lizzie, and has
als» eared for two adopted children, George
Mack and Ina Dalrv mple

tf You Haven't Tried It Before

Begin now, and learn what other leading summer
resort advertisers have discovere| through advertis-
fxg in Tur Sus. The result, & desirable, well-pay-
ing clientage.—4ds,

ee

 
  

THIS DOG STOPPED TH

    

TRAIN.

At Last the Engineer Became Tired of Tt and
Dog and Train Came Together.

From the Denver Republican

Somebody in the vicinity of Huzelton is
lamenting the loas of a large and valuable
bloodhound, The animal engaged in a feht
Tuesday morning with
hauls the No. § flyer from Denver to Cheyenne,
and was literally bumped off the earth De-
spite hia share in the tragedy, Engineer Mike
White, who handles the flyer, is not to bo
counted among the dead bloodhound'’s mourn-
ere, On bls return from Cheyenne, replying to
an expression of regret for the fate of the dog,
Engineer White vented a grin of deep satisfic-
tion and said:

“What could the blamed brute expect when
be Went so far out of bis clas?”

For some time before the unequal combat
took viace the late Hazelton bloodhound had
indicated a decided and violent antipathy
toward Mike White's engine. As the fiver
slipped siowly out of Hazelton in the early
morning, with a clear track ahead. the ears of
Engineer White and Fireman Bolthoff suddenly
would be assailed by a deep and hoarse ‘‘Woof.
woof, Woor-r-r; wow, wow, wow!"

Then from some covert by the # de of the rail-
road there shot a streak of alate-colored dog,
and the bloodhound came bounding down the
track, right between the rails on which tho
wheels of the train were turning. Neither the
weird howlings of the locomotive whistle nor
the plivsical demonstrations made from his cub
window by Engineer White suffered to check
the dog's career or turn him off the flyer's right
of way. The regular result of this obstinacy
was that the air brakes had to be applied and
the train stopped.

Prior to Tuesday morning a shovelful of hot
cinders, followed by a combined onslaught on
the part of the train crew, sent the hostile
bicodhound off howling to such 4 distance that
a fair start could be g@ ven the train before the
brute returned to attack it. On this last and
fatal ocea-ion, however, he changed his tactics,
and tie sequel was deplorable.

The flyer already had been in trouble Tues-
day incrning, on account of live obstruc'ions.
Passing a wayside ranch house a stop was mace
to avoid slaughtering a flock of moribund turtle
doves that crowded the ratisand tracks Tila
tnovident did not sweeten the temper of Engineer
White, and he was gioomily anticipating the
blate-colored bloodhound as the tran ron into
Hazelton. In his uneasiness he even whistied a
few friendly dog calls, in the hone thatthe
bloodhound might make a premature appear-
ance and be diposed of before the trainstarted
But, no, the bloodhound showed up in his own
Umpe and usual mood

he train was stopped again, but inatead of
barking at the engine until he was attacked, as

he bad been doing, the d ¢ this time retreated |

as the engine slowed up, an! from asafe van-
tage point ahead continued to bark furiously at
his elected enemy. Another start was made,
and ag the wheels began to spin, down came
the bloodhound, apparentiy fuliv intent on
charging the engine. The cow catcher almost
brushed the nose of the brute before the train
was brought tOastandstill, Buthe was far up
the road by the time the train crew had
swartned out to attack him
The second del y was filed up with a serious
consultation hetween the con cuctor, engineer
andfireman. Mike White was heardtosay: “IT
believe the cuss imagines that my machine isa
ultter: full of vellow, vou know: won't come to
the seratch. Bul l'ilshow him.’
‘Well, do as you think best.’ said the
ac in- Engineer

condictor

Allhands crowded aboard
White. briskly, and with a bodeful look im his
eye. The whistle tooted vigorously, the cars
jJarredand No 3renewet her efforts to get to
Chevenne. Everybody leaned ont, wondering
how many more stops woud result from the
attentions of the belligerent bloodhound There
were no more

With tailerect and hair all abristie the mis-
pices dog bore down for the last time upon
his strange antagonist. Butthere was no «lick-
ening of the engine's s. eed,

“Mike, you're going to kiil that dog," said Fire-
man Bolthoff to his chief. The tone of the
statement conveyed more of ar pealand inter-
ror than mere declaration of evident fact

ut the heartof Engineer White was barred
agcinet any soft sertiment ap-
proaching bloodhound.

“Bolthoff,”” said the engineer, “this train is
going to Cheyenne to-day, whatever becomes
of thatdog. Stokeup.”

The firernan shook his head and looked out in
time to see the ot ject of his commiseration col-
lide with the cow catcher, head firat. Then, as
the triumphant locomotive a past the soene
of the brief encounter. Fireman Bolthoff
watched aslate-colored mass deecribe a | arab-
ola throngh the alr and land on the prairie,
quite a distance from the raliroad track.

At the next stopping place Engineer Mike
White caused the blood of the dog to be washed
from the cow catcher—''for the sake of appear-
ances,

toward the

AELD BY THE INDIANS.
A Young Man's Story of Captivity In a Fish-
ing Village of the Siwashes.

From the Chicago Record.

Yankton, 8. D,, Aug. 9.-- James N. Ellinwood,
@ young man of 1k, passed through this
city yest) rday on his way back to his home in
St. Louis, alter a captivity of nearly four years
among the Siwash Indians, 250 miles up the
coas: from Vancouver, B.(., having been res-
cued from his unhappy condition by Capt.
Heina of the fishing sloop Rowa, who acci-
dently found him and brought him as far as
Vancouver.

“I was born near St, Louis,” said Mr. Filin-
wood, “and my father died four years ago,
leaving my mother with a large family to sup-

vt. Thad an uncle living near Winnipeg, and

driftec up there in search of work, I reached
Ninnipeg, but before I could find work my
uncle died. Business seemed to be good out on
the coast, sol wentout to. Vancouver tolock
for work. I worked at «dd jobs tor several
months when one day Imet a half-breed Indian

y the name of Robertson, who said he was

ostmaster and also owner of a general store
at Hartley Bay, up on thecoast. He said there
was a fine town there, and that it had electric
lights, street railways and all modern improve-
ments. Hetold me there was plenty of work
there and that help was ecarce, so I hired out to

m

“We sailed from Vancouver in October, 1896,
on the *teamer Princess Louise. (n the way
up I related to the steward of the boat what

 

Robertson had told me, andhetoid me there .

waa no town there and not to leave the
teamer. When I told Robertson this he
aughed and said that the steamboat people
knew nothing about the city, for it was back of
the mountains and that we would go out over
the mountains on an electric ra{lway line

landed, and thot was the lastI saw of
civilization for nearly four years 1 was
then a mere boy of only 14, and the means

ot escape from that region are not  numer-
ous. I found the place to consist of twenty
or twenty-five of the dirtiest Indian huts
that can be imagine Froin this time until

Capt, Helna_reacued me i was practically a
jave, with Robertson at my chief master.
j was put to work in the trading store in
the village, but was watched constantiv
when traders were around. Dried fish, smoke
and dirt were my daily portion I was
furnished with such clothing as the half-

breeds wore, but duringall that time I did not
receive a centfor my work. Robertson told
me that tf Ll attempted toescape I would surely
be overtaken by the Indians and iiiled Once
in the two months the steamer would call, de-
livering and rec*iving mail and such commodi-
ties as they had to offer in trade. Ths bay was
very shallow, so the steamer always anehored
a mile from shore. At the times the steamer
was anchored in the bay during the first |wo
years I wasthere, | waslocked up in a prison
made of heavy logs, and when the steainer left
I was let out

“1 wrote letters home and alto to my unele in
San Francisco. Since I did not hear from them
I decided to watch the mail and I found that all
my letters were taken from the mail and torn
up

‘I discovered that it would be best for me to
appear conte.ted and so I talked to the Si-
washes as if I liked to live with them, and was

gladthat | hadcome. According to their cus-
tom, when I was 17, they insisted on my taking
ey

a Klootch wan Jndign girl as a wile, and
ave ns halfof a dirty cabin in which to live.
Fr ce during my confinement there L was
stricken with sourvy and nearly died.

"As [showed a disposition to be contented I
wns given creiter privileges. In April the In-
dians promised that | might go with them on a
fi sing tri, andin June we left for China Hat
cannery

“The Indians had just arrived there from
pointsallalonge ‘hat part of the coast to fieh
Sore fishing sloors were from Vancouver and
I] tried to get into communication. Before I
could do this Capt. Heina saw me in oneof the
fisting beats one day and addressed me in
Chinook, the trading language of the Siwashes,
IT replied in English that I was nota Siwash,
though my smoked skin and Indian costume
made me look like one. T sald nothing more to
him that day, but the second day after { man-
aged tosee him and tell him that IT had beena
wrisoner among the the Siwashes fer nearly
our years. He promised to help me to escape

n leas than a week his opportunity came, and
took meon board his sloop. They told him
T had been adopted by the tribe and that they
would shoot hiin if he tried te take me away

He was ab ut ready to ®al for Vancouver, but
he had war on his lands from that time unt'l Le
was fifty miles fromthe fishine grounds. Sev-
eral times a band of them tried to board his
versel to recapture me, but cach line trey were
beaten: ff [heard them say in S wash lan

Giagethat they would shoot ileina and his crew
were they not afraid that all the whites would
turn agaln-t them

“On reaching Vancouver, Capt Heina told of
my capture, anda souficient sum was raised to

av my fare back to’ Louis, where hope to

nd my mother still living.”

a =

the locomotive which |

  

| THE SUMMER MAN AT HOME,

FEPLINGS CHANGE WHEN AE

(COMES HACK TO TOWN,

| Wis

Men Also Koger Over Bargain Sales—Differ-
ences in Dress in This Country and Barope
Here there Mast Always fe the Latest

| Styles A Model of Fashion to Disappear.
The chanwe that the averawe young map un-
dergoes in transit from a watering place to the
elty luckily is realized only by him. If the rest
of the world could appreciate how his confi-

denee in hineelf declines, the unfortunate
would feel cheaper than he doea ordinarily,
No may is unimportant enough to escape

notice al © stimimer resort. Even where there
ore more than the customary number of men,
he will make his impression on the women of
the place. Thestrength of this is, of course,
in direct ratio to the number of men
there If he is of two or three, the
Amount of attention he récelves {a bound to lift
him to a height he probably never reached be-
fore. Merely to be watched from a hotel or
boarding Mouse plinva every time he crosses
the road is an inspiration to self-consciousness,
To be addressed after breakfast by the elderly
ladies and looked at sympathetically by the
younger ones, gradually removea him tnto
an atmosphere that he knows only under such
elroumstances. Even if comment ts unfavor-
able~and it is not likely to be where the virtues
as well as the excellencies of the sex are so
rarely to be observed he has the feeling that
he is the object of discussion, This fana the
flame of his erotiam just as successfully and he

grows gigantic in his own opinion. of his ime
yortance, It never seermed to him before that
Ee was nearly so much of a person. Sometimes
he wonders how it is that he never notleed it
before

Nothing is likely to disturb this complacency
so lone as he remains in the country but the
arrival of other men who may be better looking,
better dressed or more athletic. But unless
thesearrive in large numbers, theself-possesaion
of the man in the summer hoteLis not disturbed
so long as he remains there, It is only when

one

he starts hack to town that he begins to suse
pect he tay not possibly be quite so important
Varewells from the

as he thought women

on the piazza start bln off with a great acces-
sien of confidence. But he is certain to meet
on the train men that he knows are his su-

periors in looks and other particulars that gain
arian favor ina summer hotel. This i @ shock
to his complacent conviction that he oon-
siderably inore of a man than he ever thought
until he went away for the summer, Tt he
doesn't meet on the train these men who a
gest vague questions as to the grounds for h

self-satisfac fioh, he will find them on the ferry
or as soon ashe getsto town. Gradual
throughout the day he feels the proud, athe 2
the-walk country feeling slipping away from
him. By night he is likely to be normal again
and then he wonders secretly to himsel
how it ever happened that he could get so stuok
on himself and think that he was such @ re-
markable sort of a fellow when he was the
only man between the ages of thirteen and
sixty-five in the summer hotel

Men can be as enthusiastic as women over
bargain sales that are really cheap and offer
something that they want. This was shown
plainly enough a few days ago, when numerous
odd lots of summer clothes were soldina large
clothing store. The men showed that they
kept an eye open for bargains by arriving be-
fore the store was ready to do business. And
they remained like bees about the tables on
which the goods were displayed, At the outset
the garments were arranged according to the
sizes. But that condition did not exist long. Coats
and trousers were dragged from one table to
another, allowed to lie wherever they fell and
all the articles became hopelessly confused
in the rush of eager bargain-seeking men
who might have been expected to conduct them-
selves with greater composure. But they were
as determined and excited as women ever were,
Coats were suddenly yanked out of the hands
of contemplative buyers, who were not as
quick in making up their minds as the clreume
stances required) One man might be exame-
ining the waist band of o pair of trousers and
this would not in the least prevent some other
man from seizing them at the feet and trying
to drag them to the Heht to see the pattern

Next to its’ earnestiess, the most striking
feature of this strenuous group ef bargain
hunters was its good nature. Men who hada
tight hold on the two sleeves of a coat, start-
ing to pull in the opposite directions,were more
impressed by the !umor of the situation tha
by any other feature and laughingly decid
which had a prior claim to the article. Théy
were 4@ven actively accommodating to one
another, under certain circumstances,

“How's that over the back?” one man who
could net have weighed an ounce less thag
2%) pounds asked, “Does it look all right?
Just want it for a little office coat, you know,

The man to whom this appeal was made
actually took the trouble to smooth down a
wrinkle over the shoulder and say that he
thought the coat looked as well as any y
could expect. This degree of good fellowship
did not {n the least impair the eagerness of the
bargain hunters’ zeal. They stuck to the main

oint actively, but kep' their good nature.

na group of women similarly intent on pure
chases there would have been bad tem
and sharp speeches between the first two that
eame into collision. That would have ended
the difference in their case, whereas the men
would have zone on to blows, and possibly that
thought restrained them

 

The looseness of summer flannels has luckily
blurred the outlines of the young man whe
thought himself dressed in the smartest style
when he looked as short-walsted as a hunch-
back and as broad-hipped as a native beauty in
the heart of Africa. The prevailing style of
dress among young men has tended to give
them this appearance, and has tried to come
pensate for these curious effects by supplying
abnormal breadth of shoulders. This is not a
defect under ordinary circumstances, but ex-
aggerated as the virtue isin this new style of
dress for men it serves only to increase the
grotesque appearance of men who have fallen
victims too fully to this style. For a year past
| the coats worn by young men anxious to appear
fainiliar with the decree of the last word in
sinart dressing have grown shorter at one end
and broader at the other over the shoulders,
while the curve of the waist has been steadily

made more marked in the back. Ag if these
exnggerated [eatures of a tnan’s coat were not
enough to make him conspicuous the cut of th
trousers was rnade to conform to this gener
grotesqueness. Over the hips they were e
60 full and baggy as to be shapeleas. ow
er

the knee they were cut somewhat narrow:
| and at the ankle were so small that they barely
|
|
|
|
}
|

SE TT a = ss ese te st

went comfortably over the shoe.

This pronounced style was not wholly upbe
coming to sight, broad-shouldered men, whose
| youthful good looks made them proof against
it. usually disfiguring characteristics. wu
men not possessing the natural advant $
figure, to overcome these eccentricities of style
to fashion. Stou

 

suffered in their dev
narrow-shoulderet men, their coats padd
until the square shonlders stood out to proclaim
that they had no organic relation with the boay
under them, were made more than aver ridic-
ulous by the short coats and the base trousers.
They were the worst martyre to this fashion,
although there had never been any lees likely to
reveal natural altractiveness or conceal defects
in figure. These clothes in their most exagger-
nate form were, of course, never made by the
best tailors. They were the work of cheap imi-
taters, who always attempt to improve the
work of their superiors by exaggerating every
fenture of the 4tvle that thev are trving to copy.
The result of (heir labor this vear waa the enore
mou number of vrouths who rigged themselves
in garments of this design under t o lenges.
flon thar it was the latest of London etylea,
The summer season brought flannels, and as
they were not to be put into such form, th
short eoat an l the bage@y trousers disay |
from view. It might be hoped with the ma.
thetic welfare of the streets In view that th
will never be resumed. But the autumn will
probably restore them, and doubtless there {
already a waiting army of youths determin
to have suits like those they saw in the spring.

The passing of the etock is typical of men's
wav of dressing here. When the stock was
first worn by biewele riders, it waa taken from
the equestrians of both sexes, who had alwa
worn it on horseback, Men who wanted to
be wearing the latest thing, whatever {ta pro}
priets raight be, began to put on the atook
or all occasions. Conse uently, ehopkeepers
tell their customers that the stock has “gone
out,” although there is no more reason why
t should go out than that the a hou

dress in

 

t ls just as permanent an article o
te place as the collar. Well dressed men =
world over will wear stocks for riding an
hunting, however utterly it iy have “gone
out” for the person who undertook to w
the stock at a!! tirnes, under the impression it
Wasa a smart successor to the collar

“One of the curious things about fashion
here in distinetio Preland,” said a haber-
dasher who vi this country twiee @ year

 

 

 

to sel] his ware, “is the insistence of Amerle
cans on navint a ‘atvie’ of dress every year,
which most be foe ver. newest thing in dress
to attract ther ettention end seem worth their
while Now inl the fashions for walle
dressed men clhanre very siowty. You never
ae Aan tone vear with a frook
coar down ' “ it is scarcely long

 

enough to reten t nees the next We ve

none of these ent contrasts in stvles that
are regurde | Lefe @ becessary to good dre.
ne.”

Oe

ats

a

a a’