TS.

THR

  

   

‘an
se to
pera
ning.
1000.
vaeht.
Ave.
longs
den
y of
year,
lack,
lo as
1900
and
ance
tedly
a,
time
ound
n {ts
Irish
cone
eoms

    
   
    
    
    
   
  
     
  
     
     
  
    
     
   
    
  
   
  

  

-
any
Deere

Ace

pera
ent,
priv,
as
‘Belle
fier
1 to
inza
that

fore
ned
ption
or's
ion
ex it
see,
nire
that
oon
ene
th
one
nes
will
Aisle
er'a
tte
ers,
for
her
in
her
the
neg

    

at
led
nd
the
lle,
°o-
Ihe
F.
ng
aw
ya
jes,
her:
on
the
in
une
pr’s
aa
{a
a,
ne@
he
lef
ts
a
HI\-
ee
nd
ura
A
d

0

m-

ell

th

na
®
he

Pe a esrad

 

   
     

BETTER NEWS FROM INDIA.
aaine gaan TNE TURN-

povsoon
1\G POINT IN THE FAMINE.

Cholera Sul Kaging, Though, and Much Hard-
ship SU to Be FEndured by the Natives
interesting Dise ries of Life of 5,000
years Ago tn the Capital of Minos in Crete,

Los pon, Better news comes from

 

Aug, 10

a 7h ve fairly setin overa considerable part
ntrey and the famine totals show
: ching, But even yetthere are |
, e distr notably Gujerat, Kajputana
re athe thern Punjab, where the monsoon
\ : restablished itself, Here the poor rem-
wat catia left is kept alive with the great-

cwoulty Indeed, that ts the case every-
r even with the combined influence of

het
a \ tore and tropical heat fodder must
have e tine to grow,

» whole however, things bave taken a
tu » better, As soon as the rains have
bes ya datrict the people leave the famine
relief camps, return to their villages and pre- |
pare the land for the autumn crops. But it
t t be supposed that with the ad-
vel the rains and the consequent

decrease of the famine totals there is anend of
‘ People on the apot consider that the

; aces of this stupendous calamity, which has
a verwhelined a large part of India, will
bev forthe best part of a generation, The
peope ure now going back to their homes
broken and well-nigh helpless. They have
pra y lost everything, The mortality
among the cattle, ther main source of wealth,
bas been eo @reat that it fs estimated by
authority that In many districts not more than
6 per cent, remain alive. Much good land,

will not be under cultivation at all
e{mply because there are no oxen to
plousha | prepare it

jvain, before they camh tothe Government
relief works the people had sold all their house

therefore

this year.

poli goods, ‘Their furniture, their superfluous \
cooking-pots, the bangles and beads of the)
womer lL the scanty possessions of an Indian }
b ‘ dhad gone. And now countless thou-
eapds are without money or credit, and remain |
pra dependent for the necessaries of life
on charitable funds and the benevolence of the
ernment, Six months must elapse before

proportion of them ean be once again seif-

‘
ring. The Government, {t may be as-
sored, will deal generously with the peasant
and make large remissions of revenue in
hauffected districts. The consequent loss on
the land revenue made it seem inevitable a few
month ¥o to have recourse toa further rupee

 

in of considerable magnitude. Now, how-
ever, taeems that this may be avoided. The |
despatch of the Indian contingent to South
Africa in the autumn of last year made a very
large saving to Indian finances, And now Indla
‘ain the act of sending some 10,000 men to China,
In this way India has been, and will be for sev-
eral months to come, relieved of the cost of a
larwe body of troopa. Im addition to this the
mmen-e movements of gratn during the acute
period of famine caused a considerable increase
in the railway returns

Aithough there is this improvement to note
in the famine returns, there ts little sign of any
in those for cholera. The latest published re-
turns ehow but little improvement. Sixteen
outofthe elahteen districta are still affeoted,
and the figures for two weeks in June show 18,-
£05 cases, with 8,524 deaths Thereturnas make
lt clearthat the epidemic is nowin ita most
virulent form inthe extreme western, instead
nf the eastern, portions of the provinces, Nimar
and Betul show heavy increases, while Chanda,
» southern district bordering on the Nizam's
shows 8,400 cases, with close on

These are the districts whioh auf-
fermostfrom the water famine, allusion to
which has been made tn former letters, The
stagnant poolaand foul wells resulting from
the long drought help to spread the epidemio
with alarming rapidity.

dominions
2,000 deaths

In aninteresting account of the exeawation
work vow being conducted in Knossos, the
Athens correspondent of the Times writes:

\inovw the prehistoric cities of Crete,
Knossos, the capital of Minos, is ‘ndleated by
legend as holding the foremost place. Here
the great lawgiver promulgated his famous in-

stitute which like those of Moses and Numa
Pomoibus were derived from a_ divine
source, here he established a Thalasso-
krati), or maritime empire, suppressing

pracy, conquering the islands of the arch-
{pelago, and imposing a tribute on subjected
Athen Here Daedalus constructed the Laby-
rinth. the den of the Minotaur, and fashioned
the wings perhaps the sails—with which he
and learus touk flight over the Bgean, In his-
torlo times the city waged a protracted struggle
its nelehbor, Gortyna, for the hegemeny of
The attention of archwologists has
ing been directed to Knossos; the late Dr
Sohilemann Was anxious to excavate the «ite,
which was partially investigated by Mr. W. J.
The diMculties attending the prose-
of research in Crete under Turkish rule
have now been removed, and it has bern re-
served for Mr. Arthur Evans to make a sys-
tematic exploration of the ancient stronghold,
with results which equal, if they do not surpass,
in inportance the discoveries of Schliemann at
Tiryns and Mycens

“Like Athens, Megara, Corinth and other
towns which played a part in Greek maritime
history, Knossos was altuated at some little dis-
tance from the sea. The Akropolis, or fortified
palace, now excavated, lies about four miles
@outieast of Candia, which, under the name
Heraklion, waa the seaport of the town in clas-
fica! times, The palace standa on a alight em-
inenee, overlooking a brook and surrounded py
ao amphitheatre of hills, over which the
ancent city apparently extended. Its site was
marked by a wall of cyclopean masonry, the
only vestige of the structure remaining above
the surface. A considerable portion of the
building has now been brought to Nght. The
entrance, which is approached from a paved
court on the eastern side, is flanked by two
© limns and jead- into a large ante-chamber
furnished with stone benches
we pasa intoa singularly interesting
@pariment, which, adopting the srstem of
nomenclature initiated by Dr. Sebliemann, we
may d signate the Council Chamber of Minos,
Agains! the wall on the right stands a throne of
&y; sm -the oldest threne in Europe by about
two thousand years—with alow seat anda tall,
curionsty-carved back, which still shows traces
ory ng Along the walls on either side are
continuens stone benches like the seats in an
ed fashioned family pew; on the opposite side,
Hroteeted by a high parapet to which seats are
ittuched, ls an oblong rectangular depres-
‘ constructed with finely compacted slabs
and evidently Intended to contain water, This
us probably a kind of ornamental implurium,
its approached by gradually
if steps, but no outlet for the water is
Ihe walls of the council chamber are
or nte Lwith frescoes, still sufficiently pre-
rerved toenable us to distinguish landscapes,
j « Waternand flowering plants; on either

wt

the «land

S'ilimar

ecuuior

tience

Open te the sky
descendi

+16 adoor leading into a smaller apartment
#'e two griffins seated on baskets and ap-
a vy engaged in hatching

{he southwest side of the palace we find
‘Nother and Jarger paved area leading to what

ith regard to the famine, The monsoon |

 

sone
numerous small
or bands were possibly drawn
of handles on the foside, perhaps intended for

Pressure when the veasel was full
foors of some of the chambers and passages
are curious receptactes of closely fitted stone-
Work, one above the other, apparently designed |
for the concealment of treasures or the storage
Of supplies in cose of a siege

4 tall, slender vase and apparently walking ina
sacrificial procession. The color ts still wonder
fully fresh and the outlines are clear and well
drawn, A strange fascination ts atiached to this
beautiful life-like figure, this viallant froma
long forgotten world, recalled to the Itght of
day and the gaze of mankind from @ pightof
3,000 years,

“On the same side of the palace are also the
royal magazines or store rooms, approached by
ui long corridor which leads to a succession of
twelve apartments, In many of these stand
rows of enormous oil vases five feet in height,
ornate and furnished with

handles through which ropes
one has a pair

highly

counteract the
Beneath the

the insertion of a strap to

But of all the discoveries bitherto made in

| the course of the excavations the most im) ort-
antis that of the prehistoric Cretan seript, by
which the long-debated question of the exist
ence of writing inthe Myoenwau age has been
definitely solved. A
the linear and of the pictographic
already been observed on early Cretan seal-
atoues
the conclusion that a regular system of writ-
ing Wasin use among the prehistoric Cretans,
Anumber of clay tablets have now been brought
to light bearing inscriptions in the indigenous
linear character, and
examples have been secured
whieh
the excavations, are in a!l probability palace
archives or
war in the royal arsenal; some of them are il- |

of seus both of
class had

series

and other objects which suggested

upward of a thousand
These tablets,

were found at var.ous times during

lists of stores and munitions of

lustrated with representations of chariota and

horses’ heads.

Within the last few days of the
perations a new discovery of extraordinary

interest was mad», A deposit of clay bars and
perforated tableta was unearthed inscribed
with pletographie characters resembling

Ewy plian
with those already
aeals
that two distinct sy
and the pictographic

hieroglyphica and corresponding
found on the early Cretan
obtain conclusive evidence
tems of writing -the linear
were employed in the

Thus we

island during the Homeric age

than @
found in

“It isimpoasible to de-oribe at present more
few of the other interesting objects

the course of the excavations,

Numerous remnants of the Stone age, obsidian

tools and specimens of early rude pottery
have been discovered, some at the lowest
levels, others in the immediate vicioity

of the walls, having apparently been dug up
when the foundations of the Mycenman build-

ings were being laid

These indicate the exist-

ence of a atill earlier city on the same site

e

A vast amount of pottery of the Mycen-
@an and geometric types bas been ob-
tained, together with specimens of the

peouliar Cretan ware of which the cave at
Katnares bas hitherto aupplied the best ex-

amples.

Atnong the numerous band-ome stone

vases are several of the graceful, tapering form |

depicted in the fresco already described
markably lifelike head of a Molosaian hound, |

A ree

executed in the finest white marble, some flori-
ated mouldings, very delicately carved, and a |

beautiful clay ewer with spiral ornamentation
may also be apecially noticed,

The crowning

discovery, however, was made in the last few
days of the excavations, when the remains of @

 

 

’Phears to have been the principal portal of the

@tructure

s distinguished from the roval

entrar nthe eastern front. Weenter along
Corridor each side of which are a series of
frescoes representing male and female figures
arrayed ‘ich costumes. Unfortunately in
NAN) Coss only the lower parts of the bodies
7 * been preserved, but a‘arge fallen plece
shows the figures of two men to above the
Waist draped in long, flowing mantles. On the
left side the central figure is a lady, distin-
fu-hed from Che rest by her wide flounces, and
evid iqueen. Inaroom near the north-
ve were found parts of a fresco

rely new miniature style, showing
Frolps of elaborately dressed young women,
- + hin What seems to have been the haremlik

epalioe and engaged in animated conver-
“bon. Most interesting of all is the well-pre-
Served form of a graceful youth or maiden-—it
fe not easy to determine the sex—holding aloft

|

station of

painted stucco bull, a marvellously realistic
work, were brought to light! in the northeast
propy lea
perfect
most

plastic art as yet discovered.
perbaps,
which won the heart of Pasiphaé, or of the
equally famous quadruped that transported

Europa to Crete

"Lhe head, which is fortunately in
preservation, is unquestionab y the
remarkable speciinen of Mycenman
Here we havea,

the effigy of the beautiful animal

1O AND THE ELECTRIC CURRENT.

 

 

 

His Braid Short-Circalted a 15,600-Volt Car-

rent, and It Didn't Even Sober Him Up.

From the Anaconda Standard
A happening which is claimed by local eleo

trical experts to have been the most remark-
able circumstance in the history of electric light
ing occurred Saturday niglit at thesub power
the Montana Power Transmission |

company, at the foot of Montana street. It was
a human being short-circuiting an electric cur-
rent of 2,000 horae power, or 15,000 volts, and
escaping without so much as a slight burn
circuit was that which the Montana Transmis-
sion company manufactures at the big water-
power plant on the Big Hole River. The cur
rent is brought to Butte, a distanos of twenty
miles, at a pressure of 15,000 volts, and at the
sub-station, at the foot of Montana street, Is re-
duced for consumption in the oity. The wires
carrying this tremendous voltage enter the
building at the sub-station and are carried toa
switohboard which stands a few feet from one
of the walls, and is by the mechaniem of this
switchboard diverted to the step-down trans-
formers, which do the business of reducing the
pressure

Here is where the great American Indian
makes hia entrance into this very unusual tale,
which is the story of howone lone red man
brought to a standstill the entire business of a
corporation worth more than $1,000,000, South
ot the city isthe canp of a band of Cree In-
dians, and in travelling to and from the’ city
the Indfans have to pass the sub power station.
One of the tribe had been inthe city during the
day, and had filled up on firewater till his
natural means of locomotion was considerably
impaired, and the consequence was that when
he reached the light station he concluded to
tinkearest. The night was rainy and coid, and
he looked about for shelter, The station ts

always kept locked at night, but Lo found an
open window and crawled inside. What he
next did ix a forceful exempl fication of the
saying: “Foola walk boldly in where angels
fear to treed."

the electricians employed at the station
would no more think of even stepping behind
the bla switchioard than they would of seizing
hold of the wifes themselves, for to (he ordinary
white man it would mean alinost certain death
But Lo was sotupinthe greatest of modern
sciences, and the place, therefore, had no ter-
roraforhim. it was warm behind the switeh-
hoard and that was just the plice he was look-
ing for. He walked or staggered in and leaned
his back against the wires, Which carried

 

 

The!

enough electricity to kill a regiment of so.diers |
' an overrated fellow, and that this campaign

atone time

There wasa creat flash, which for a second
lighted up tre station brighter than ealciuin
T en the machinery slowed down almost to a
standstill and the Haehts allover the city went
out. Themen at the station knew #omething

| men of ind fferenee, there is among the British |

had happened at the switchboard and went to |

Alithey found was a grimy redekin lying
julvering on the floor. They could see he was
not dead, however, and they haule d him out
andexamined him. ‘there was not the slight-
eat evidence «bout him that he had come in
contact with the current, excent that his har
Was singed

Looking further, the men discovered the
mystery of what had happened The India
had worn bis hair ina long braidjhancing down
his back. Whire out in the weather the braid
had become soaked with rain, and when he
went inand leaned upavainst the wires the
braid touched one of the wires just atthe beck
of his head, and, dangling, came in contact
with another just belowit. This caused a short
cireult and slowed down the plant, and the
Indian never so muchas got ashock, but his
braid was cutoff assmooth as itcould have
been done with a pair of shears

If the Indian was not upto date In one re-
speek. he eviaently is in another, fa it is stated
t

look

 

at he notified the com: any of his intention of

bringing suit for damages for ‘he loss of his

braid

Raising Alligators in Geo gi

From the Macon News
There are schemes and schemes, but
latest and most extraordinary is on
bya prominent city court official
fortune by raising alligat: rs.

withheld, is quite serious in his undertaking

and has purchased 800 acres of swamp land near
Seven Bridges. into wh.ch he will turn his herd
The entire 900 acres is to be |
closely fenced in, and thia work is now wellun- |

of alligators,

der way and will be completed by (Oct. J

the
» prolected |
to muke a@
the official, who
dislikes publicity and prefers that his name be

7

THE
‘TORI.

or

  

HARSH RULE AT PR

COMPLAINTS OF THR METHODS
THE BRITISH OFFICERS,

 

Civillans Ul-Treated — Martineta Running a
Rallway- Vigorous Protest of the Germaa
Plot to Abduct Roberts.
Lonpon, Aug. 11.—Within a month after the
arrival of the British troops at Pretoria the
Anglophite residents, who had suffered some
molestation at the hands of the Boer Executive,
became almost reconciled to President Kruger's
Government. From the first day the British
officer mad» it clear that if he eould not get the
better of the armed Boer in flatting akill he
could make the disarmed Boer and civillana
generally squirm under his official heel, By the
timel left, early in July, some citizens were
foredoomed toa secret trial and a heavy sen-
tenes, for it was pluin that they could not long
resist using a horsewhip upon the khukk A
man living vot far from the Field Marshal's
headquarters was likely ‘o b» one of the first to
give way
Hehasa pretty garden within o neat iittle
fence at the back of his house The road to
Panaar'’s Poort passes near and dips through a
sluit whose bunks heavy wagon transports bad
made ragged, Two hours should have been
enough to cla ay easy gradient a few yards
farther up jut the dry ditch slopes up tothe
flit, or has been levelled up long ago, at the
back of the citizen's garden, When one wagon
proved trouble-ome in crossing the officer in
charge ordered the next to drive through the
warden, flattening out fence, flower beds, every-
thing. The proceeding was wanton and typical,
The citiz n who protestsisto!dto cleuaroutand
be thankfulhe If he retusesto

 

satlowedat large

sit stil under the outrage he is a disaffected
person and vets deported, sometines th an
open truck, [ie may hot havea seatin a pase

the soldier s orvants of
convalescent Lieutenants
aecommod ition to

senger carriage, becaus:
some robust-looking

Want all the second class

themselveato be near ther masters. These
daily expulsions of the disaffected made the
Pretoria railway stationa very Irritable nerve

centre Having had all the necessary cre
dentiala of a correspondent with the British
fleld foree since last November, and various
permita entitliig me to be alive, I antict-
pated a amooth Journey to Cane Town. But
no: the British offver meant to be consistent
and would show his authority to the last. He

had the friends, themselves correspondenta,
who had come to wish a good Journey toa cole
league, persistently molested for daring to be
on the platform without special permission,
the members of a Dutch ambulance, consisting
of three doctors and a nursing sister,

military man turned railway man
son inauthori.y from Pretoria to De Aar along
the railway was a military officer; and tn five
cases out of six the consciousness of bis own
unfitness only served fo bring out all the worst
characteristics of the guardroom martinet,
Having spent two days and nighta ina rail-
way carriage we reached Norvais Pont on the
Orange River on the borders of Cape Colony on
the morning of the third day, having made on
an average about ten miles an hour, Till thea
food had not been obtainable at any of the
stopping plices. At Bloemfontein, which we

reached on a Sunday afternoon and where we |

remained for an hour, there is a big refreshment
establishment. The caterer was locked In his

private room enjoying acard party with some |
He refused to budge and an appeal to |

friends.
the military officer in charge of the station only
provoked a tirade against passengers leaving
the trainatall. Ifone dared to stretch
legs by walking to and fro on the platform
tickete were testily asked for at every turn,
This peevishness was siown to everybody who
was notasoldier. It was a weicorme surprise to
read at Norvals Pont ‘‘Warm breakfasts.”
Joyfully we made for the refreshment room to
find the door guarded by an armed sentry

“You must get a written permit before you
can come in here,” said he

“Who from?” we asked

“The railway staff officer,”
dier.

We asked where the officer was to be found.
The sentry pointed toa door along the platform,
and we went to ask permission to eat and pay
for breakfast. The moment the request was
mad» the officer in question broke outin words
and gestures that would have been extravagant

answered the sol-

even had he been importuned all the morning |
He practl- |

by the mort unreasppable persons
cally told us toclear out, One gathered that the
sentry bad been wrong and that the oMfoer was

angry at being questioned about such trivtall- |

tlea. Notat all; the warm breakfast wasforan
expected up-coming train, or such passengers
as might wish to have it.
correspondents, and it seemed possible that the
stern, unbending officer might relent and let us
have some hot bacon and coffee when he knew

that we were the only sermi-civilians on the
train. For the convalescent oficers everything
was ordered by telegraph, in advance, It

eeemed worth another try, this hot bacon and
coffee, after two days of cold sandwiches. The

off er thought otherwise, for an order came }
from the sentry at his door that we were not to |

come on the platform at all.

With occasional aberrations into civility this
was the almost uniform temper displayed
by the officers one had to encounter in the
journey down. It will be interesting to watch
when the ordinary Britisher himself calls a hait
to his soldier oMficiale, for in the promised era of
military oceupation there must be a struggle
between the citizen andthe soldier if the former
{is to lead a white man's life,
oMcera to
there was

least one

It is the fashion among British
eurse Kitchener. For half a day
jubilation, openly expressed by at

Divisional General, over a report that De Wet |

had captured Kitchenerin a railway carriage,
Kitchener prevented the messes
regimental office's from adding a few thousand
wagons to the transport colurnn. These wagons
could be Alled twice over with wines
ant deinties, sults of clothes and polo sticks,
He is considered very “bad form’ for cutting
everything down to rations and ammunition,
The saine officers who think it rot to talk sert-
cusly on the lessons of a fight or to show any
keennes: in making their bricade the most use
fulin the ariny have decided that Kitchener ts

cises of

has shown him up.
Besides an overwhelming preponderance of

ofMcers asprinkling of people who take them-
u'tra-seriousiy as born
seek police billeta and

selves
Thess ive up to the
proverb of the new The chief police
ofticer for Pretoria is one ofthem, It was dis-

covered that some German subjects fighting for

broom

the Boers hod been made burghers during the |

war They laid down thelr arms on the British
occupation of Pretoria,and sought to resume
their status as German subjects, which natur-

ally was not allowed In general terms
the Field Marshal decided that these
men should be deported to the ea-
coust The head of the military po-
lice thereupon deeded to exeoute a bril-
lant stroke. He had his agents make a

Louse to house visitation on a 8unday morning
and gota full list of all German subjects, They
are the most numerousof the immigrant na-
tionalities now inthe Transvaal, and comprise
nearly all the cooks and waiters and chamber-
maidsin the;lace. Passes were made out for
thern all—some hundreds © tuketrain for Port
Elizabeth the next morning The available
rolling stock could ;.ot have taken a tenth of
Allthe same they were ordered to go

therm,

But during the night the German Consul came |
to hear of the police official's amazing proceed-
The Consulsaid he, too, would go down
with his compatriots and justify his conduct to
Thereupon the whole list was

ing.

| his Government
| cancelled and nobody was # nt down except
the ex-burghers in question

Thirty-seven alligators have already been |
placed on the farm and the promoter expects |
to realize 8600 on his scheme hext vear The

alligator is said to be the most
animals, the goat
there is a ready demand
more money in raising
animal. That there is a demand fr
ia shown by the fact that
farm has now filed away

for them

supply lo two years.

rolifie of all
not excepted, and where
there is
them than any other
them now

the promoter of this
in his office more or- |
ders for alligators than be hones to be able to |

But the Mafsor in charge of

kidnap Lord Roberts,

‘4 ;
72 sehr SR PTTL RT Pe rr ee Te

SUN, AUGUST 19,

were |
specially marked outfor the attentions of the |
Every pere |

one’s |

There were twoof ua |

of various |

rulera of men, |

the police still
holds bis appointment and ts now a Colonel,
He is credited in the Pretoria telegrams pub-
lianed to-day with daving |rustrated the plot to
murder his staff and
seize the capital during the confusion resulting
| from a number of simultaneous incendiary

>

 
     

SUNDAY,

fires. Fifteen citizens are stated to be impil-
cated. There are about elaht thousand troops
actually policing the capital, and no citizen dare
be out after dark on pain of imprisonment. It
will be seen thatthe chief of the military police,
in view of the force at bis disposal, did a big
thing in looking up those fifteen citizens,

It cannot be insisted too constantly that the
military administration of the areas ocoupled ja
an abject failure, It ta, moreover, incurable
withthe present personnel from which staff
officers are drawn, On the one or two ocoa-
sions when civil advisers have had any latitude

   

  
 

  

| and shown an understanding of the permanent |

| residents who mean to live all their lives in the

couuiry they have been flouted and their pro-
| posalaignored as coming from sympathizers
| with rebels,

HOKO AND RUBBER NECK.

New Jersey Explanation of an Injustice Done
to Two Respectable Hi
Trenton, Aug, 18- If @ gentleman from
Copper Hill, N. J., wearing that town's predom-
{nating style of chin-fringing whiskers and
with feet cased in the customary home-made
high-topped, broad-soled, substantial cowhide
boots, happens to crane hia neckin an endeavor
to maze nipon the roof of an el@hteen-story build-
ing while strutting along Broadway for the
firat tine some urchin will startle him Into fits
by shouting in his ear

“Rubber neck!"

And if he attempts to keep his eves on the
trolley cars, the horse cars, the elevated trains,
the trucks and the automobiles, while he dodges
under horses’ necks and heels in au endeavor
Broadway, some nokind person will
ar his nervous system by shouting

“Rubber neck!"
| Tf a swell elght-dollar clerk from a big city

like Trenton, while promenading on Broad-
| way, suddenly twists his head to the rear to

take a second look at a necklace of real or paste
the pretty neck of a prettier
ome cruel lounger brings him

 

diamonds
ruaiden
to his seuses by shouting
“Robber neck!”
If a man from New
|} best and woes to New York to visit his city
cousin, and becomes involved tn the maze
| of electrie buttons and other contrivances not

upon

corner

Kevpt, N. J, dons his

“Hobo! Move on!"

Go where be will, in the hotels, in dry goods
houses, horse cars, trolley cars, elevated trains,
on the streets, [n offices, {t's nothing but
| “Rubber neck!" here, and “Hobo!” there, until
|

| common to New Feyptiaus and in nifstake
| touches all the buttons the bess of the flat
| appears and in angry tones shouts:

| “Hobol Girt"

If the New Feypt man, though dreseed in
| his Sunday clothes, stops on a corner to eatoh
| a breath of air that has escaped from the high
| buildings to the street a policeman says:

the poor Jersey man returns to town with a
tinge {n his ear which seems with every slight
Jog to say
a “Rubber neck! Hobo! *
“Hobo!l Rubber neck! ”
And the New Yorkers do not appear to un-
derstand that by their slang they are heaping
| & groma slander upon the fair reputation of

two birds that never did a thing to the people
of America’s metropolis.

An innocent South Carolina darkey ts respon
sible for the present day slang term applied
to all sorts and kinds of seedy-looking individ-
uals, the hobo! The Northern part of the State
is visited in the fall by the bird hoopoo, of the
genus crow (pronounced Hé'-po"),  "Rastus
was picking rusty cotton balls for the seed,
His mammy was standing in the cabin door,
The plantation was that of John Ferguson
and a pretty hoopoo came fiving from a cedar
tree to the side of Giassy Mountain, when
"Rastus shouted:

“Ho, mamruy! Look a-yond'r!
| drt Thar jist lit ‘r sho’ ‘hough hobo!”
|
|

“Am a-dat a hobo, honey?” said aunty, gaz
Ing steadily in the wrong direction at a Balti-
more drummer named Charies Bragg, who
had walked the dusty road from Vickens to
| the plantation, and who looked a trifle the
worse for wear. “Am dat a ‘deed eho’ ‘nough
| hobo? Chile, yo’ mus’ be crazy in yo' head!
| Chile, dat'’s ‘Tr sho’ ‘nough Yankey. Dat ain't
no hobo, am it, fo’ sho?”

But
referred to the
side of the cabin,
and asked the old woman why she thought he
was a hobo,

“I don’ wants fo't ‘sult no white folks, sah
‘deed L'se dos'n’t. But yo’ ‘deed does luk all

| before ‘Rastus could explain that he
|
| kinder fesaed up like an’ jist kind’r like dem
|
|
|
|
|

wetty hoopoo on the opposit
the drummer approache

hobos does ,'d an’ tru’ yo’ does, Marster,”
eaid aunty.
And from that dar, nearly a quarter of a

century ago, to the present day, the term holo

hax been promiscuously applied to avery species |

of mankind that appears “all kind’r o' fessed
up like,” and has gradually spread until ft has
beoome the recognized alang of the country
The phrase rubber neck is of later creation.
The chough is responsible for the slang, owin
to ita ability to turn its head all the way Pidete's |
without changing the position of ita body. It
was a Christmas morning, while Martin Malley,
} a quarryman of Stockton, Hunterdon county,
N, J, was on his way to chureh, when he en-
countered the clough, and then and there gave
to the world a new descriptive phrase, The
chough {9 of the crow family, and i« rarely
seen in these parts Malloy saw the chough
on a rocky peak and the bird, being a
stranger to the nela@hborhood, he Aatormined to
catch it if possible
mesticated and is possessed of even more curi-
oaity than the common crow
walked to the rear of the rock upon which the
| chough was perched the bird's curiosity was
aroused and it remained to see what the quarry-
| man wee up to,
Twas to the rare a’

th’ buird I'd determined

to git,” sald Malloy in explaining. “As 1 wins
‘round an’ round the rock the strange buird't
i neck went ‘round an’ ‘round, an' th’ body o’

Faith, soir, Ui
aainta, soir, that
earnestly said

him stay'd in the wan place
ewear to't by me pride in th’
| that buird had a rubber neck,
Malloy.
| For daya and for weeks the quarrymen re-
| peated Malloy's story of the rmibber-neck bird
| and with each repetition Malloy would be called
} upon to verify the story by giving an exhibition
of how the bird had twisted its neck

Malloy had twieted his own neck so frequently
in imitation of the chongh that it became a
habit with him to turn his head without moving
his body when spoken to by any one at his
back, Eventually he became knbown to his
companions in the Stockton quarry and to the
railroad men as Rubber-Neck Malloy, and in a
short time any person twisting his neck without
turning the body was startled with the cry:

“Rubber neck!
| And so rmibber neck and hobo have become

part of the American language, and the pretty
| and innocent hoopoos and the coal-black « Rough
} wonder what sort of people we are

HER NARROWEST ESCAPE,

A Country Woman's Expertence tn an Anto-
mobile Stage.

From the Chicago Timea-Herald.

An old lady who had come in from the

country on the Northwestern Railroad stepped |

|
into one of the horaeless carriages that are now
! run from the Wells street station to the shop-
ping district. She approached the carriage
from the rear, and didn't notice when she gotin
that there were no horses hitched to the thing.
Her whole attention was being paid to the
| “runner” in the blue uniform who stood on the

sidewalk looking for passengers,
| ‘Hlow rnueh do you ghergey she asked,
“Five cents” besaid. “Take you right over

| to State and Madison. Going rightaway. Step
in, Room for just one more.”

The old lady settled back comfortably in the
easy seat to which she had been assigned, and
a moment later (he carriage was bumping along
over paving stones, dodging in and out among
| trucks, sliding sidewise in slippery car tracks,

and grazing elevated railroad pillars. A row

of men sat ou the cross seat in front of the lady,
shutting cut the view ahead, so she sat with
her hands in her lap and rode contentedly
along Atthe corner of Madison and Dearborn

a reets several passengers got off, and then for

the first time the lady from the country had a

chance to look out in front. She saw the

operitor pull a nickel plated_lever; then she
| glanced over the Gaapboare. There was a look
of minwled alarm and wonder on her features.

“What's happened to the horses?" she ex-
claimed

“Ther ain't any horses,” said a boy who was
hanging on the steps behind,

‘The oid lady stood up just
charge of the automobile rang bia gong and

as the manin

|
| started ahead

“Ho! atop! she cried. “let me out! I wont
ride this thing! Stopit! Stopit! Help!"

 

“Madam, said one of the passengers, “there's
| no reason to be alarmed. It's perfectly safe.
We are—"

“No!'' she replied. “I wouldn't have got in
here for a hundred dollars if I'd have knew
what it was! Let me past!’

The carriage had stopped and sho began to
tramp on the feet of the other passengers in
her hurry to get out.

“We're almost there. only half a blook
farther,” some one said. ‘You be: ter satay in.”

“Tl wouldn tstay in if it was only half a foot
farther,’ abe declared, as she scrambled down
the ateps, Then she stood on the eidewalk,
watched the automobile move on through the
crowded street, put her hand over her heart
; and said:
| "My! ‘That was the narrowest escape I ever
| had! And me with all that money in my pocket
| to pay pa‘s insurance, tool"

Took a-von- |

The chough ts easily do- |

So when Malloy |

1900. —

TRIFLUS OF PARIS. LIFE,

DETAILS THAT MAKE UP A PICTURE
NEVER SEEN IN AMERICA.

   

 

Cruelty to the Cabl « The Nolsy Streets

The English Be r~ Independence of
| Coqvuelin— The Dangers of the Streets —
| Ways of the Parisian Extremes of Dress,
|

  
 

Panis, Aug. 10 —The midday sun glares up-
on the wooden pavements of Paria with the
fame blistering July persistence and penetra-
| tlon as elsewhere, but your peasant atill wears
| the ghastly, enormous corduroy trousers and
| sometimes coat, Whose very winter thickness
makes one shudder

People living in Paria like to sleep late Into
the morning better, perhaps, than anv other
race on earth, yet a boiler ehop ia Ike the still-
neas of «a cemetery a& compared to the average
Parisian street in the early hours of the day

Horses are the most valuable animals owned
n this cab-crowded city, yet two years is the
average life of the poor creatures that are liter-
ally drivento death. if you chance lo have in
your personality alove for the dumb animals
leave itin America when youstart for this viein-
| ity. Forone must ride here, notably in sume
mer, and every other horse that hurries you to
your destination under the goad of an always
busy lash will arouse sour mingled pity and

| dneer, ‘Twice in less than a week we have re-
monstrated bitterly against a refinement
| of ervelty which coupelled & poor
beast to work under a collar bear
ing directly upon hideous running
sores, Of course jt was not the driver's fault,
as he must take the horse given to him by the

company owning and controlling the prineipal
cabs of the city. All he can dois to ask fora
better horse when he makes his next shift at the
stables, and then he is quite as likely to fare
worae
lice, a typical Shrug of the oficial shoulders ts
prevalent reply to your well meant, but
really wasted argument
It is against the rules here for strolling musl-
sing or play in the streets, yet directly
under our Window vers « recent morn-
) ing a
bass voice for nearly one entire hour, His was
| a most doleful refrain, something about Ger-
many baving whipped France a few years ago,
| but they really could not doit again, &ec., and
| the worst of it all was, he sang only this one
| song. After each verse, and while his compan-
}
|

their

clans to
early ot

jon In crime was droning out the interlude ona
horrible violin, the vocalist sold coples of his
dirge to sympathetic bystander, ever ready in
this guileless country to be done as they do

ethers. At last, when the aweet slumber of the

a@ gendaruie the usual hour late.

It takes a stranger about one (ay to cate) the
peculiar accent and inflection of the newsboys,
or rather newsmen, selling the Soir, La Patrie,
La Presse and the other less familiar French
papers. ‘There is rather more of aneffort to
make these cries musical than is noted at home,

hopeles-ly vanished, we were |
forcibly reminded of home by the apprvach of |

If you are persistent ond goto the poe |

wandering warbler bellowed in a deep |

 

 

4nd not one sickening detail of the death strus-
gies of the wasted wornout beast wae lost by
this insatiate audience, Truly the pasion of
the Parisianfor anything outre or tizarre ts
abnormal and scemlogly never aatiafied

The attitude of the average Frenchman to-
ward woman had beat be left alone and without
discussion, Yet, stratvely enourh, they do not
always fancy the taste of their own medicine, as

 

Witness the following absolutely (rue tneident
atthe Grand Hotel. An Atmerioun rather upeet
by liquor stared #0 potutedly at a beautiful

French woman seated at an adjoining table as

to offend her husband, So the latter very
qguietly approached the Atmerican and eaid
“The lady is my wife. Your «tare ts an insult,
and here winy card.’’ Nota half dozen people
tock in the aituation, verit meantaduel The
American was Just drunk enough to blurt out
his deflance instead of offering the apolowy
which would have ended the incident. As he

  
 

never hac il in his band in his lite, Was an
equal novi witha revolver and Was too good
a fellow when sober to pay a serious penalty for
his Indiseretion, he was quietly spirited away to
Heriin that very same night

One cando the tost unusual thing in the
stree, here and escape notice by the very Tree.
dom with which this done, but *ehould you try
to Conreat the action, Ina rement you would
attractacrowd Ii you shopin the enormous
and fainous Bon Marche, no Cash systems
eltherhiuman or mechanical, prevail, for you go

With the salesman to adesk Conventently near
and pay there

Just hore there must be paid to American
newspapers the most glow ne tribute possible

as con pared with local editions lbere is more
heWse in theaverage paper at hore than in the
entire press ol Paris, Some idea of their score
can be vleaned from the method of securing
telegraphic news trom the outside world, which
concists of enmploying one man itn |.ondon to wit
up ali nieht in order to crib the telegraus from
the very eurlesteditions inthat city and wire
them here

Hecentricities of dress are more marked here
than in any other cily the writer hag visited
Menin full eveni'@ dress at midday funerals
and a freak seen on the street this morning
Wearing a brown coat and kinekerbockers, Wall
white hat, white stockings, black «oes and

white lile thread gloves are only two of the
many extremes which prevail Almost no |
drunkenness is -een, by fact, it must be admitted

In all faioness that the only untoxicated persons
noticed to date were three gi ded youths from
iy own country lhe tiie-hbonored drawing
on The imagination with efgns io the store. wine
dows was exemplified by one rroduce dealer
Whe began bis seale with ° Fresh-laid ewms, 32
cents a di gen,” and ended with ‘Kyges, 10 cents
a dozen, just as word as new! A young man
Ppsning a delivery carthas Just returned from
ie roule to the wine store across the

after taking out the bettom and sides of his
Vehicle he proceeds to fold the whole affair to-
@ether until the two wheels touch, hub to bub,
and the compact mass easily goes behind the
cellar door, A wordnan passes, wearing /it
wooden shoes weighing east y five pounds each,
with no socks to protect his feet) And sott
woes, detail after detail, each sinali, almost
trifling in itself, yet making an altogether never
seen in America and most attractive to ove who
delights in the study of hutnan nature

 

  

 

ODD NAMES FOR DRINKS

 

| The Wet Hea, the Nose Cooler, the Li Hang

but even this novel feature does not prevent |

morning had
|

the terrible monotony which gets on one's
nerves very early. One hand crgan only is the
marvellous but most welcome record to date,
after ten days’ sojourn.

At home your gencrous diner must have his
demi-tassa of coffe properly to end his
meal of the day; here it is never served at
dinner unless speolally ordered, but drunk as
an evening Leverage at one of the million
eafés, Everybody knows the sidewalks of
Paris are but another name for cafés, and the
café proper indoors is aa empty as the café tin-
proper outdoors ts crowded. In many restau-
rants at home, the opener of the delicious oys-
ter, which ls an unknown luxury here, keeps

an absolutely accurate oheck on your capacity | y

by retaining one-half the shell of each bivalve
In Paris, if you order “un bock,” as

opened

cafe glacé, with eack and every glass served is
brought @ china saucer with the cost of the
drink painted in colored figures on the inner

edge. Add these all up, and agein add the
wuiter's fee, and as you pay the latter he turns
down all your Saucers @s &b Ooular receipt
for your bil
Yesterday a man approached me and said
“Do you know where the English hospital ia?
I am broke, they have turned me outof my
hotel; Lam half sick and very bunery., Could
you give ne enough to geta bite te eat?” A
franc was the answer to this appeal, for the
chap looked very seedy, he spoke my own
| tongue, and it waa my first experience with an
English beggar. This morning, exaciiv twenty-
four hours iater, but in quite a different part
of the city, strolling along unmindful of tne
surroundings, there came ina voic’, recognized
immediately. the question, “Can you direct me
to the Engiish hospital?’’ This time no frane;
on the contrary, justa quiet, “J had that yea-
terday,” anda resumption of the stroll with the
reflection that a memory for faces is frequently
@ «teat convenience
| An experiences of a well-known
| actor staying at our hotel with hia wife,
the profession, is perhaps worth the tel
altogether for the fun of it, but quite a» much to
filustrate aphase of Vrench character the
actor, famous throughout America as the elder
Oo! the deacons In ‘The Little Minister,” was ex-
ceedingls anxious, as was his wife, to see Co
queinin “Cyrano ho Uckets Were secured a
| week in advance for the Mondiy night of their
Jast week in Paris. (n going io the theatre on
| the evening of the performance, these astonished
members of the dramatic profession found the
hous+
charmingly I
hot! Fancy at

American
also in
nia, not

 

if Was 80
Issing A

uisian, refused to play
American esmedian dl

   

 

 

 

full he »under such cond tior The incident is
nevertheless a fact, and the theatre remained
in darkness the rest of the week

here if A BUugeestion tor some enter
prising Yankee, which f acted on ts
abso utely sure to bring a fortune,
Open a place on Moris, first-class inevery detail,
where one can buy a genuine American ice
creauys dawttha light lunch of honest sand-
wiches, ices and the like, and your reward will
be swilt, sure and pr neely No such place

Paris to-day, to the outspoken disap.
and disgust of hundreds of our

OXISts it
polnimernt
thirsty race

' ihe oft-rep ated tales of the Parisian cabman

and his reckle-s disreward of the human race,

whether French or foreigners, have not been in
the feagtexagwerated, These knikhts of the

“oip drive faster over the street crossings

than anywhere else, and in addition to neariy

possible chance

| running you down at every

they al-o scare one nearly stupid by their dis-

| cordant shout of warning. Then, too, there ig
the proverbial war of tongues when two of
these crazy Jehus come to a quarrel. but
the student of French quite — familiar
with the most involved idioms of Molhere

or Habelals would struggie in vain to under-
stand the ohvio' and really comical expletives
and nicknames exchanged by these yelling and
infuriated i’arisian drivers, Automobiles, pro-
pelled almost universally by. petroleum, are
nearly va thick as cabs, are driven at a hiah
rate of speed; are, asa rule, exceedingly nulsy
and quite expensive, Most of them are heavy
} and cumbersome, for the problem of alight

serviceable and attractivel- oking vehicle ot
| this class seen sas yetunsolved. Accidents and
breakdowns are quite frequent and suggest the
room tor unuprovement. Raeoes from Parks to
outlying cities are frequent and competition
sharp

There are a great number of ‘buses with @
| fare of three cents outwide ands: x cents it side
Every vehiole yousee is enurely different from
anything athome from an ice-wagon to the
undertaker's biack turnout, whieb is a curious
compos'te of a hack in tront with an elongated
| boa sume seven feetin length for the casket.
A two wheeled delivery van having wheels six

feet and «a half in diameter will be
| followed — by 1 truck with enormously
thick wheels no Kigher than those

onan American child's cart hieyoles are the
princes of the road here, as everything else
| yields to them the right of way Tieir note of
warning, as wellas that of the auto vot ilies ts
notour bell, buta blatant, ear-plercing trum-
ret worked by a rubber bulb like those on our
{nstantauseous cameras. inthe busy hours of
the day itis a perpetual trumpet solo in the
streets, but always on one monotonous note,

It seems indeed odd to wee street venders
selling perches, tomatoes, grapes, everything
in the fruitiine, by weight rather than by the
dozen. They bave no license, and are really
violating the law to hawk their wares in this
way, but th? infringement is winked at by the
ronaarmes, While one most restful feature of
he trade is the absolute silenee of the only
| street peddlers, who for obvious reasons re-
frain from yvehing

 

danger limit these terrible midsummer days,
und wart nes are in evidence a’! over the city
off from 2 w6

 

that the supriy will be hu
very afternoon, and from 10 at nght until the
following morning

A curious (lustration was afforded yesterday
ofa charncteristic of these impulsive people,
Every body on top of a4 certain stage refused to
pay fare because of what they declared to bea
senseless and ageravating deiay in the move-
ment of tie vehicle Arsuments, threats,
abuse, persuasion, all were in vain, and, finally,
the entire j arty. were driven to the nearest
police station When the matter was finally
curried throvgh the endless red tape ot official
Paris and adjusted by the payment of half fare
by the passengers, the ‘bus went on ite way
more than four hours late

We -aw 200 | sop watch a poor cab horse
die in the Rue de Rivoli one afternoon iast week

  

they style a glass of beer, a lemon squash or a!

| dash of fizz in it, aweetened with sugar

sed becanse Coqueln, with a freedorn |

ibe water supply of Paris is taxed to the |

Chang and the Horse's Neck,
From the Raltimore Sun.

Mr. Regular Drinker finished his mint Julep,
and witha cautionary wink waved the bever-
age mixer down the bara few paces from where
a later customer was burying his face {na tum-
bler. Leining far over the bar, the regular
drinker asked ina confidential whisper

“Say, what'n the thunder did that fellow or-
der? Say, what is he drinking, anyway? I
didn't quite cateh it,”

“Oh, he askedfor a‘wet hen.’ That'sanother
one of those new drinks that crop up In every
hot spell, along with vartous brands of fizzea
and rickeys."’

“And pray,” asked Mr
‘wet hen?'”

“Well, now, you know tart or sour drinks are
liked best on hot days, and yet some cocktail

drinkers love their dashof bitters. A ‘wer hen’
{a made exactly like a pialn cocktall, witha
strong dash of Pechaud Ditters and haifa lemon
aqueezed into it: go it's a eross between a whis-
key cocktail anda whiskey sour”

“Oh, I see,"’ said Mr. Drinker, as another
came in and ordered a ‘nos’-cooler,’ Then Mr.
Drinker watched the presses of making thesaid
cooler, and the barkeeper explained in this

Drinker, ‘what'aa

we

“That drink is simply the discovery of a ous-
tomer of mine. who declares that with the |ips
and nose kept cool while their owner swallows
an ioed drat ght the coolness spreads its-lf
throughout the entire system,

"The ‘nose-cooler’ iain reality but a whiskey
sour, with the glass handed up to the customer
grammed full of cracked ice. Never use syrup

or the sweeteuing
puiverized sugar. and shake the drink up as if
your life depended on ft. The pulveriaed ugar

spreads a creamy, light amber tint through the |

whole dr.ok, Serveit, of course, withoul straw
or strainer, for the.man who orders it wants to
cool his nose."

Aman ordering a “Li Hung Chang’ over the
bar might appear crazy to the uninitiated, but
asa matter of fact, h- geta simply gin, with a
aud
made tart with lemon instead of lime t is
what mlght be termed a reasonably long drink
and as cold as iow can makeit, and as insinuat
ing, 80 tos eak, as the wily old Celestial who ls
accredited with having stich love and ven ra-
tion forthe ‘foreign devils” nowin the Flowery
Kingdom

A ‘horse's neck'’ fa an Atlantic City corm-
modity, and few barkeepers in Baltimore can
make one They were firstinvent dby a bar
tender at a popular resort there just as t
proprietor. was about to discharge hho. So
great did the demind for “horse's necks” be-
come that tue man kept hia job and prospered
Thia drink ts very long and cool, It is composed
ofa bottle of imported ginger ale, whiskey to
soit the taste and plenty of ice A ‘horse
collar’ fs aimilar, only brandy isusedin making
it instead of whiskey

The drinks most sold,

 

 

 

according to severa

prominent caterera to the public thir-t,
mint juleps, ever comforting and tempting in
the <ummmer, and whiskey amashes. The man
who can make good jJuleps isa prize not to be
turned lightly away from the club or saloon
and some old-time Colonels and Majors would
do more these hot days for their julep mixer
than for their cooks

 

LIONS, TIGERS AND ELEPHANTS.

| What an Animal Trainer Save About Their

Trotis in Captivity.
From the Chicago Record

“Personally I would rather undertake to trait
fungle-bred lions than lions that are born in
captivity. You may win the regard of the first
class, but the others are so accustomed to sea.
ing everybody that they respect nobody Ihe
idea that lions desire to eat up their trair
preposterous. I feed these lions twelv:s anda

half pounds of fine meat every day at § o'clock
Tf alion was ravenously hungry the case mignt

be different. When a beast gets mad and
knocks vou down witha blow from his paw
It would be useless to fight

Fou must lie Stl
fa k, tor {f he should close his fa
the preseure T do not

ano bone

would stand fear the

lion's jaw and teet the paws and claws
the things that bave left thelr marks allover
my body. Their claws are sharp as tshhooks

and take hold in the same fashion

"Yes, [have been nipped by lons a number
of times, generally in the flesiy part of the
hand and the les; the teeth have gone clean
through witha svap. Still, the claws are the
things that make the life of the lion tamer |

sriting

an ‘unpreferred ri-k' in life insurar

“Tigers are much brighter than lions, and
can be taught many tricks, but they can never
be relied on. as treac ery appears to be their

spo-ition and Inher tines They are tremen-
dons fighters, andif they cannot get up a row
among themselves they are ready to help
others. The closest cal | ever tad int life

was when a jaguar got over the partition in the

 

 

big den into the cage oceuried by a lion and
undertook to take a bone away from the lat-
ter. 1 went in ond undertook to. drive
the jaguar back into her ow cage ‘The
beast turned upon me and clawed me |
horribly, while the lion took & whack at
my back When IT wan finally dragged
out of the rcage the new suit of clothes
that [ wore wes a mass of tatters, and
1 was acarred and bloody from tead to
heels, This faraous fleht occurred in, Washing-
ton with the WoC Conpshow TLhada number
of encounters with Wal ce, who was set down

the man-eater He had chewed
and clawed many men, but never eaten ane,
but he did oecasionally feacttona horse. So
many stor 4s liave been toid about Wallace by

on the b lie as

 

trainers that never handled hitn it would beidle |

for me to repeat them, as 1} ad him all the time
he wasin this country That famous lion died
two years ago in an express car whi
traveis

 

“Tigers have a fancy for sl dine on their
backs and getting vou a a dendvantage, as !
ther le and claw upward The moment you

turn toleave acace they are liable to slide ita
whol length and drag you down betore you
can raise vour whip

“Aut, take rnv word for lt, th»

moet danger-

 

 

ous animal vouc nencounter ina menage ia
a ‘bad elephant I've been with ‘em for forty
tears, and | know "
Indians Choose a Peet as Their Chief
From the Chicago Record

WicwitTaA, Kan, Aug 1 About @o0 full.
blooded Creek Indians have withdrawn from
their governinent, whose canital located at
Okmulgee, and settled in the mountans on
Grand Kiver, where they to-day raanizveda
new form of government, the poli whiet is
to oppose land allotment, mixing woth white
people or haif-breeds. Chintubbe Hayo, a full-
blood Indian poe was clected chief and the
inaugural ceremonies were entirely devoid of
civilized decorations, The Indians have or-

dered ail whites from their di trict and many of |

the latter have fled from (he nation

treet, and |

just asmall teaspoonful of |

are |

eon his!

, ne ee ae ti

        

 

VERDICTS WITHOUT REASON

WAYS TWEIVE GOOD MEN AND TRU
KRACH SAME DECISIONS,

of Case Where the Jary De
clded That They Were Judges of the Law
and Court of the Pacts—Yan Who Felgned
Insanity Voker Game That Decided a Cane,

A Lawyer Tells

 

Speaking of Jur iid the lawyer, “re
tilnds tie ot a «tried in the General Sesstons
Court where the Jury argued over the evidenea
for two hours after reviring and then concluded
that they were not the Judges of the fact, but
of the law. ‘This conclusion was arrived at by
man who wanted to turn the Jury frome
verdict of conviction, On the first ballot after

they had retired he found he was the only one
who voted for acquittal Then he began hia

argument and he really succeeded In convincing

 

the ot ‘leven men that the dudge would have
instructed them toconvict if the facts warranted
a conviction Hie argued that thea man was

indicted for stealing a wateh valned at $50 and
that the testimony showed that the watch was
only worth #25. This, he sald, was petty larceny
| and as the man had been indicted for grand
said there waa nothing left for the

 

larceny he

' Jury to do but to acquit. Then they returned
a verdiet for aequitt Vhat ts one of the
strange things that juries do. They Just de
as they | whether right or wrong

  
 

wherein the man
ed for raurder in the

“L remes
on trial he

iber a “ro oase

d been ind

| first degree. Hehadkilledairl His counsel
| advised hirn to play the Insanity dodge and he
| came into court every day with his Lead bent®
over and his eves fixed upon the floor. His
' counsel argued ithew insane and was not
responsible for | lils trial lasted several
days and when the ju retired one man wrote

paper ‘Insane.’ That wae his

upon a slip of

ballot, ‘The fo n of the jury called for
another ballot and then the Juryman whohad
written ‘lagane’ wrote it aeuin and made @
speech saving iat tl should be the verdlet
for the reason thatthe prisoner appeared to be

insane and t to give bla the benef®
of the doubt

"On the third lot three Jurors wrote the
word ‘lmane Then a man got unand said
that he believed that all insane men ought te
be executed so they would do no bodily harm t@
any one else, Another juror replied that every
one who comrnitted murder was insane and
that he, the juror, believed that the man ough®
to have been tried by a Jury of phye!clang
Finally the foreman said: ‘Gentlemen, we bad
better agree on a verdict of murder in the second

degree and that is the sane as insanity,’ Theres
upon another ballot was taken and the jury
agreed on murder in the ee.oud degree, That
young man is now serving a life sentence ip
Sing Sing prison
Many juries in criminal ses have speng
| three days in arguments on the guilt or Innos
cence of the person on trial, It is customary
in euch eases tor the stubborn Jurora to play
cards, eliher poker or pluochie, dn the case of
a man w!o was tried in the General Sessions

for highway roubery the jury remained locked
up allt it. One of the jurymen who w
render a verdict of not guilty tol

miki

lis fellow jurors that he would bold out for @
Week ihe other eleven were for a verdict of
guilty. dbey said they would hold out for @
mouth, Lhe man who had voted to acquit suge

  

  

He produc mda pack of Cards and live men agreed

| gested thut they play a little game of poker,
| li wae a half dollar

to Join bun in the gaine,
limat and it seemed as if each of the tive meg
wer kinw the lellow whe wouldn't

 

bent on bre
agree with them. bach man took turne in
raising the bets until they had ralked the kicker
out jheo there would be a big drop with twe
ruen remainue to tight for the pot, Ina this
Way they succeeded lu taking all of the money
that the Kicker possessed, te trled to borrow
| from the other Jurors, but they would not loa
ny money to him, ‘Phen he sat in @ corner o
» room. the was worried, No one woul
speak to him and when he found himself boy
colted he went to sleep on the floor, On
tollowing morning he was the first nan to ask
When the ballot

 

 

that a new ballot be taken,

Was taken it Was found to be @ unaulmous Vote
ito « viet the highwayman of robbery in
'the tiret degree this wus the verdict Qe
} nounced im court

The kicker begged the other members of the
jury to call around to lis home op the following
Sunday to play a little game of poker, All o!
i them declined, Then he said he would n
have voted Jor ucouvietion oly that be wap
et money to get

  

to get out of the y root
square With the men Who hud beaten him «at
poker i} for’ Was spread about the oore

 

inal Courts Building, and the
for ndaut hearing of it tried to
yout a hew trad for bes client, on the
grounds that the verdict Was not a proper one,
inasmuch us one of the Jurors bad stated that @
poker gate bad influenced him to vote for #
conviction. As none of the jurors would admis
that the kieker had told the story, the lawyer
tor thy Wuyinan Was unable to get afidavita
on V a motion for a new trial,

ridors of the Cru

  
 

counsel the «

bring &

 

 

 

    
  

ch to Dase
‘We iu tunny jury here last winter,” eaid
one of the court officers, “The man on trial
bore vieh nume and looked like adew, He
had indicted for murder in the tirst degree
for deliberately shooting a man on the street
It wax @ premeditated murder, The man ha
tarhit tol expressiy tor the purpose of
ooting roan be killed. The lawyer who
ed for him was a very shrewd leliow, Whe
experience as en assistant die

 

id ynuel

    

ey W he was wetting the jury he

uu itulestnan if hes opposed to x mean
f becnuse he iJew, in other words,
if vkted in d of the Werman any
prejudice a brew race, Each men
' ed in One talesman, Who
is a Jew th a long beard, waa asked the

into luughter, suying:
ow ve Ww I am at the head of two
Je } ' tHe was accepted as a juror,
Then when the tri

burst

 

 
 

  

us We tw ther Jew

proceeded wyer for the murderer asked
éach witne f he, the witness, had heard the
murdered man cull the defendant ‘a Jew blanke
etveblank.’ Tl question was asked so many
times that the three Jews on the jury could
think of nothing else, although there wasn't
ho slightest bit of ev nee to show that any
such remarks had passed,

At the end of 1% rial the Jury remaine
out all nlg x unable to agree, ‘The nex
oan when they returned to the court the
f hn nnnowuneed that they had agreed on @
verd f rder in th second degree. The

’ nse! shook } is with the meme
' iw 1 re ws walted in the
t roar ntilevery one else had gone. Thet

ed up to the lawver and the man wit

 

     
 

 

ird i You must excuse us for not
» free, but there were only three
t) iry and we had to agree to mire
t ! ee or else the man would
ne to stand a new tlal, We
t _w ave him and held out for
murder in t peond degree and succeeded in
brine nit Christians to our way of
As ft shaking hands with the lawyer
the t ' walked down into the pen with
ithe nermission « the court officer. They
wa i to shake inds with the prisoner and
y him a few words of consolation, Whea
1} had skern hie «and told him that they
ere sorry for | because he was a dew the
lawyer «polge { ‘Why, gentlemen,
this un enn HI himself better than T can,
Then he explained » roan who bad beea
telad wana minnn Co
" ' nle of e way men on Jurtes
1 after ake mis n thinking the man on
trial {a a lodge mem 4 reliionist or @
fellow « tr. t ihe lawvers of couree
make it a practice t levd juryimen into
sich 4, 1 e ' en make worse
mi es than anv one has an idea of Many
wl 4, not unde ndonr langnare manage
toweti the furwl ind the result generally
brings about } trial

How Foxes Get f ld of Fleas,

the Kaltwmore Sun

1 ITY, Aus, WU ry an old
nd naturalist of local repute a story
absolutely
hed accoun

now, of how
lhe fox, ace
simply baek

  

a the ‘ es of fe

¥ to 1 ty narrative

 

 

slowly into a@ str f water with a portion o}
| the pelt of a rabbi } I th atter the

has made @ meal of tt i t The wate

drives the fle first uy e fox’s lews and thei

toward his head, and finally ont on the piece o!
! rabbit fur, and then the fox drops the Tur

 

 

 

 

 

 

his pests are « for
rhe local iter and naturalist referred te,
strange to sey, hed never heard or read thie
atory when he ¢ ' tions of a fox whieh
he observed the « t vters of the
Patansco Rive | tle animal, be stated,
hacked Int« ' t wly \ } so much de-
liberation that he s jered what it meant It
; d something he did not know what- in
ite mouth and dropned thes thing when oud
in deen water Ther he fox hurried away
The obiect left foated near! the ohserver and
he hauled it re } aticd bleas literary
ewarmed throngh the object, which was found
tn teh ft f 1 lhe observer
had a} e? rv »vplainedtohim, He
| aave t rat the shrewdness of the
line of ; nd pore as he grows older
are le w
An Evlovable Qccaston,
From the a feiphia Press
Tess ltow ald y » vourself at her weddta
Jess -Very much, Her gown was a wretched Bad
fi. ard everjbet= was remarking Low poet

| presen were

     

tenant ia ihatiea Raat Rel a aa A te ee ce nn on,
. ee

PI

~

ee et ee