PS

 

|
|
|
|

2 oP OR rR

THEO eee ee -

a

Sh

meets —entnd ae tn itty oS gai a ae LE TOT NTC

RANCHMEN ALL LIKED HIM.

REASONS FOR KOOSEVELT'S POPUs
LARITY IN THLE FAR WEST.

Flo Had Manitaess, Nerve and Tact, bnd Easily
Conquered the Prejadice Against ‘Tender-
feet'"'—His Life on the Westerm Plains,

From the Chicago Record.

Mepona, N. D., Aug. 7-~The ranchmen
and cowboys in North Dakota and eastern
Montana remember Gov, Roomevelt very kindly
and consider him one of thetnselves. He has
also many warro friends among the hunters
and guides in the Big Horn Basin, Jackeon's
Hole and the Yellowstone Park, where he has
bunted big game. Most of his hunting has
been done in the Bad Lands of the Little Mis#ourt
River—the Mau vaise Terres, as the early French
voyageurs termed them~ great areas of clay
through which the floods of past ages have
washed out labyrinths of cafions, some of tham
600 and 600 fvet deep, miniatures of the Grand
Cafion of the Colorado aad the cafion of the
Yellowstone repeated a thousand times

There has always been good shooting tn
the Bad Lands. They were the winter ferm-
ing grounds for big game and the best sheRer
from storms to be found in this part of the
country. It was easy to approach the aninials
and it was difficult for them to escape, so that
they have nearly all been killed off. For rale-
ontologists the Bad Lands are the most at-
tractive field of labor on the entire globe. No
other spot has received eo much aclerdific
attention, and the result has been the discovery
of remarkable foes] remains of fishes and ani-
mals now extinct, which were burted under

this clay ages ago—fossila cf fishes from alx |

to thirty-six inches long, not to be found else-
where, and a great variety of fossilized an'-
mals, generally of thetertiary poriod of geology.
The camel, rhinoceros and the hippopotamus
lived here once, and the taplr was abundant,
although neither has been known to the Argeri-
ean continent since its discovery by man. The}
most valuable fossils, however, represent

extinct mammals-saurians from fifty to
100 feat in length and different examples of
the brontotheridal fainily which have sever
been found elsewhere. A complete skeleton
of a full-grown specimen can be seen in the
Peabody inuseum at Harvard, and resernbles
@ buffalo as big as an elephant. The sraaller |
ones are not less than twelve feet long and
nine feet high. Another remarkable artiuual
called the oreodon used to travel in droves
throughout the Bad f.ands, and & threo-toed
horse with hoofs like a deer, There was also
a lion as large as the South Ailrican especies
and @ strange anima) called the dinoveras
with four horus on his skull

But Gov. Rovsevelt wok more interest in
mountain sheep, elk and antelope than he did
n the fossilized remains of prehistoric animal
life, and spent the greater part of several years
enjoying sport which he has himsel de cvibed

in his charming books
“Roosevelt was no tenderfoot, uot even

when hw first cae out here,” said Billy Hofer,
the most famous guide in tue Yedowetone Park,
the man who had charge of the huner 6 Cabin
on the wooded island at the World's Fuir, and
whose chief business is Ww caton Wlid aumals
for the Soilthsonian lastitutien, “and he's got
all the grit any one nevds, | was buutiog ing

@ with him down in the Big Horn law ons
fat continued Billy, “Whon we were over-
taken by # snowstoriu. Man aad boy I nuve
been out in the weather ally life and am about
as toug) as they juake ‘ein, but that was ubout
the worat storin that ever caught mo on ab
open range and no shelter for eighty tullue
We wero travelling light, too. We dida’'t have
nothing but our blankels and sore cold pork
and biscuits in our grub bags, and didnt have
nv chance to inake colle I thougut Koose-
velt would be preity much sed up. 1 vould
have oried like a #irl mysell, but he neyer it
ou that he was hungry or cold or but what le
was a3 coufortable as if he hud been in the
Capitol at Albany; and what made it worse
hie horse wot to bucking, tie was an ugly
beast, anyhow, and the wM@ther gave him tue
tantrums. You see it in horses that way some-
te They sort of blaine you for what Wey
suffer from the storm and cold and act cou-

 

   

 

 

 

wary.

“One morning while we were starting out
Roosevelt's horse tovk 4 notion to buck a little
and threw. Roosevelc three times. Lhe
time the Governor struck on his hand and
throwed his thumb out of joint

\

saint

“You better c..inge horses with me, Mr.

Roosevelt,’ says |.
gavel a by Godfrey,’ says he, pulling |

his thumb back into Jolnt and showing his |
teeth an big as gravesiones; ‘i've started out |
to teach this critter who ls master,’ says Le,

‘and I'm not @ man to throw up @ good job

bays he.“

hii of Roosevelt's ranching was done in the
vicinity of Medora, wich from tssv to tse
Was the liveliest and roughest cattle town in
the United States; but the business has wider-
one @ conipiete revolution, the wire fence
1a8 shut out the fesiive cowboy, ranculng has
lost its romance and is a comunmonplace busi-
ness proposition,

Medora owes ita existence to the mistaken
enterprise of the Marguis de Mores, a French
nobleman who wa alierward killed by the
savages in South Africa, and Was Mamed in
honor of his wife, Who was & daugiter of Baron
von Hoffman, a German banker sa New Lore
city. The Marquis, who was u man of feriile
igagination and unuring energy, conceived
the idew that it was better Ww slaugiter beef
on the range and slip the carcasses in relriger- |
ator cars to mardet instead of wsencing the |
catle East by oars, and it Cost him upwara of
$500,000 to flud out tie contrary. He erected |
a complete sinughbtering establistiment at No- |
dota, with ali the convenionees tha. lugenulty |
aud experlence could «
20,00 or 99,000 actu rk eiriziug Pur-
;oses. His vast establishment nains empty
aad useless. tits residence, which i ong of
the finest in North Dakota, is in charge of a
varetaier, he property is fur sale, vut there
are no purchasers,

he only men in Medora who ware hero in
Rovseveit’s (ime are the ierris brothers, 8) \-
vanus and Jdve, the best-known ranchmen in
this locality, whose reputation extends
the Northwest. Joe is postinator,
big store, and enjoys the unique
of being the only Mayor Medota ever
He has served in that offlee continuously
eighteen years, and usualy has been nis
mowily reélectad. Somvtiines a few votes
are cast against him for a Juke. Joes store
has been the principal ouuituag place for ranch.
wen and cowboys in tie Little silssouri counuy
and may be considered the centre of civiiza-
0a in this sectiou

Sylvanus is the cattleman of
aud was Koosevelt’s tutor in
cowepunening. tic is a nan
with a kucwiedge of the world,

“There isnt muoh to tell,” said he in reply
to my inquiries “Roosevelt Was ranching |
here for severa!) -e@ars, spending evoiy asou
with us and dolig hig share of the rut aud
range work like the rest of the men. 1 cannot
remember any parucular lucideuts that are
worth repeating. Those | have seon published
in the papers siuice he was worninated for \ice=
President are not true, at leas: they did not
happen to him while he was in this pert of the
country, although it was easy to see trom the
Jocal color and the names that are used that
they wore written hy people familiar with
affairs in Medora. If he had heen a different

rt of a mana dude, or & fvol, or a tender-

‘oot--there would, doubriess, have been in-
teresting stories to tell about hin, but he was
Just an ordinary, evervday cowpuncher Ike
myself He asked no favors and he got none.

There was & prejudios ageliost him at first
an there always is among tie cowhoys against
elty men, but when they suv that he could
ride a bronco and shoot and rope a steer as
swell as any of them, and had no noUoas of

utting on airs they began to like him, and

soon settled Cown into the routine with
t as if he had never done anything else
in his life. Cowboys are quick of perception,
they have keen judgment, and size up a man
pretty << and pretty accurately, Wheu they
see an honest, wenuine, brave gentleman they
recognize him and respect him and yield to
his Influence very readily, and that is the way
they sized up vosevelt. THe didn't put on
any airs; he took cere of his own 8 ng of
erent: he slept under the same blankets with

e@ men; he ate off a tin plate from a wooden
mess chest, and sat down on tha ground be-~
tween tho eactis burs beside them: he rode
the lines at nicht when his turn cama, rain or

rive, and purchased

  
 

  

  

ii over
heeps a
distincuien

 

for

 

ur

 

the fama
the scianice
of eaucauon,

 

whine; he took | is turn in hunting up lost horaes
and steers; he never kicked and he never
etumbled, and he never shirked. He took

everything that eame hie way, asif he liked 4
“He wan a fearless rider,” continued Mr
Sylvanus Ferris. “He wasn't afraid to mount
anything with four legs, and there {s a good
deal of chained lightning tnstde of a h
sometimes. He took a lot of eatigfaction
€ press ‘tn ronco busting,
6 story vere onl t and he coul
own a vicious beast as well as
vy. He never did it'fer show, but from
Scone (2 opeg . He knew that he was
® Se those ites, and when he caw
an unruly horse he felt an Inclination to dem-
onstrate that eu jority. fhe always broke
the horses for his own ranches et imes
he got thrown. Once he broke a rib Ane
other time he was Iatd up for several week.
with a lame shoulder, and he hod ceveral other
pervee. socanen, But he was no qvitter, Wher
hs ertook a job lie generally finished {1
By Godfrey! Sylvane, that vox a tourh one
¥. need to rey, T think more of Theodore
BS as ea Le
. othing hete now except four
old horses pn fie retired Iist—the horses he

/
-

had. | right

| was! roken on the eo: crete by Dr, Schafhirt

 

 

| used 49 ide hunting and on the range. When
© sol hip stock he told me to reserve them.
© may have intended to take them Kast,

but never did, and they are 8 out on the
rehge, oners, a6 you tb say. 4

: ESoferelt waa interested in two ranches,
continued Mr. Ferris. “tHe was @ partner
of mine in the M Itese Cross ranch, and )ad
one of his own wi fh about 4,000 cattle

“He is tough, too,” interpolated Joe Ferris.
“He don't get tired. fle bas as much endur-
ance as any man I ever hunted with. I re-
ruerber the first time we went buffalo hunt-
ing. e and J went together. 1 wot him as

asy & 6 as I could (ind and reckened that
‘d better Be a litle easy with him on the start
ns he wae just out from the city, but, by Jiminy
ve tired me all out, and toward night I begun
to feel like asking him to be a little easy on me.
We got lost that night and had to sieey out.
We couldn't find the trail anywhere, but we
unsaddied and lay down ip the brush and made
our. suppey off some biscuits we liad ib our
pockets, uring the night our horses broke
away. and etampeded. We heard ‘em. #0,
and the only thing to do was to follow them
up, becanee there was no telling how far awey
they might get before, morning. As luek
wonld have it, we stumbled on to them alter
a short tramp and brought them back, made
them secure and then rolled up in our blankets
and slept like babies, In the morning we
breakfasted on the rest of those biscuita and
toward night we found the camping outiit
and gota good uare meal, ;

“What took the boys meetly with Roosevelt
was the easy way ke had of getting in with
them. There is always a aort of opposition
or resistance or coolness, whatever you call
{t, among all kinds of men when a stranger
comes finong them, and cattlemen are about
as sensitive to intruders as any y else, but
somehow or other Roosevelt could adapt hiin-
self to all kinds of circumstances, and mado
himself one of them without any fuss or fric-
tion and without asking or getting any in-
structions, fie just ad it naturally. He
fust naturally fitted in with avery body, no
matter what was going on, whether it was
a round-up or @ dance. He was always wel-
come aul he always had a good time 7

“No, Mr. Rooeevelt never kille4 his man that
is a mistake, & newspaper yarn, like one I rend
the other day about the cowboys fuoling hin
by shifting his saddle with the pornmel to the
tail of the pony. Nobody ever fooled Theo-
dore Roosevelt about @ horse. lie arrest-
ed some thieves here one: He followed
ther down the river and campei for threas
or four daya before he caught them, and then
he marchel through the snow for three or
four days more until he landed therm in the
fail at Dickinson, mud he raay have drawn his

| gun when it was necessary, but he never shot

any ope. A e@runken tough once fired at hin
in a barroom here, but Kooseveit took no notice
of it, and acted as if the shot was meant for
somebody else. Hae had a good deal of tact
in patting along with such critters.

“Yes,” continued Mr. Ferris, “there was a
little incigent, as you suggest. One of those
drunken ¢esperadoes that cisgrace evary new
eatile groun’, a bad man from Bitter Creek,
did try it on him one night, but [con't remem-
ber the eirocumstances. { wasn't present at
the time and hear’ two or three versions of {t
afterward. As near as I oan remember, this
tough thought he would make some trouble
for Rooseveit by insis ing upon his taking a
‘rink with him at the bar. He knew that
Roosevelt cion't like whiskey anv never drank
in such places, and concluded to make Lim do
it. But he ¢fen’t know his man.

So when he |

or‘ero! the berkeeper to set out drinks for the |

crow! an! Invites everybody in the room to
Join him Roosevelt was the first person to step
forward, ani took the tough so by surprise
that the fellow was actually rottie!. Roose
velt offered to sheke hance with him and said:
{ con't know you stranger, but rou seem to he
a goo’ fellow, and I think we might be friencs.
I never erinkat a bar, andl don't like whiskey,
but I will Join in this time sglely out of respect
and acimiration for you. The bystancers
an thesarcasn an: got the langh onthe tough,
but he was one of the best friends Koosevalt
had here afterward.

“When the war with Spain broke out,” con-
tinned Mr. Ferrls, “Sylvanus undertook to
raise a company for the Jtough Kiders and
axery cowboy iu this part of the counuy en-
isted,

“Yas,” said Sylvanns, “I got letters and tel-
egrains from neorle 400 miles away, who used
to live here and knew Roosevelt, and wanted
moe to put their names down, but when ther

 

| lative people for wh

found that they could not go with Roosevelt |

they wouldn't go with any one else, and ile
company disbanded, Yes, they weuld follow
him anywhere, (or they knew the man,”

“How ebout the election up here?”

“Weil, avecy cowboy in this part of the coun- |

try will yote for Rocsevelt, and so will every
man that knows him. Ti. iny votes are cost
again-t Theodore Rooseveit in Uii« section of
Dakota or across the line in Montana,” said
oe berris, “they will be cast by strangers,
by men who have come into the country aince
he left.”
LIVES ON FRUIT AND NUTS,
A Resident of Samoa Who Does Not Miss the
Products of the Cook Stove,

From the Pacific Commercial Advertiser.

Herbert Oss ee has established himself tn
Samoa among his German fellow countrymen
and may rewaln there. Mr. Ossi ved some
in }inwail, learned Englist) here and
tnade many friends who will be gind to learn
that he is doing weil in his new home.

This young German is an interesting char-
acter. No woman has a fairer complexion and
a clearer eye than he and no man of his age has
na greater capacity for hard work. He lays it
all tohie diet. Ossig does not believe in teat
eating anywhere, least of allina tropical cil-
mate, Nuts and fruit comprive his daily menu,
his drink being distilled water and lemonade.
Sowetimes he tries the nut pastesand other

preparations of aceriain sanitorium, but as@

rule he confines himself to the raw material,

“Lusedtoeat meat,” ho said before leaving
for Samoa, “and 1 Iiked |'."" Reading cone
vineed me that L could cet more nourishment
and fewer earth salts ‘rom fruit and nut«anda
after sticking to that diet for a while [gotto
loathing meat. At the sane time my general
health timproved: my mind was clearer and my
TuNSOuin® Vigor seemed to increase Frieids
tell ine (hat my complexion soon cleared up

“The thing to do for the suke of long liteard
no tormenting ailments {s to cfrinish the
fminount of earth salts that enters the system,
Phese salts clog the acteries with calcareous dee
posits and bring on the phenomena of oid oge
‘The leas enlesreonus mater the more juvenility.
L use distiiied water to dissolve such earth salia
asimy system has already absorbed and carry
them away. The pure condensed steam, cooled
in full aod thehtly-corked bottles, and drank
Without touch exposure to the air absorbs these
foreign substances and they pass off. Look at
meand see if you don’t think my system the
ne

Certaisiv Oasig was the picture of health—
ruddy, sinewy. elastic of step, bret of ere,
Percape his hardy «erman tarents had more
to do with hs ‘ooks than have bananas an‘ dis-
tiled water, but Ossig says if you think that
Justtes is dietary and note the effect in your
own «yeteta

rears

| | FRIED AN EGCG ON THE PAVEMENT

 

Ie Was Nicely Deme on Both Sides in Less
Than Ten Minutes.
From the Chicago Timea-Heraid

WASHINGTON, Aug. 12—Dr. A. J. Schafhirt,
proprietor of a drug store at North Capital and
Hf streets, thia city, tried an egg og the asphalt
pavementin front of his pharmacy re-terday
shortiy befor: noon, The egg was done to the
turning pointin seven and ahalfminutesafter tt
it
woes then turned over, a8 a cook flaps a pancake,
and was thoroughiv cooked within ten minutes

Alitde negro who was among the witne.ses
ef the trick asked for the egg afterit had gone
the rounds of curious bystanders and ate it
withevident relish. A bundred or more em-
ployees of the Government printing office,

which ks cli se by, watched the pharmacist over-
eee the v efrving act,

Dr. Schafhirt had made the assertion that,
Judging trom the heat registered b+ thermome-
ters standing in tkeeun, it waa hot enovgh to
cook snegg on the pavement. Several friends
Pe he pened to . m bi etore ohaiied and
“Joliled” Ue doctor ore ne euch a sugges-
tron, and flnally he said he would prove inthe
ae ubters that he knew what he was talking
abort

A thermometer outaide his store under the
sun's reve at thet mormept registered 120 de-
grees. The doctor eared tha the radiation o
the heat from the conorets, which fairly sizzle
under old Se!"> attentions, meant that the de-
«ree of heaton the pavement iteelf was near ‘o
180 Aegrees Kronrdingty he took an egg, and
ricking euta place Mat was without any pro-
tection from the rays of the sun tapped the
rhelland let the contents fallon the flery con-
crete

Hie held a watch while the hot asphalt un-
derneath theeg@ and the unrelenting rays of
the sun over its surface gradually complered
the freing process The e¢g browned nice y
and did pot heve time to ron over a larwe sire
face of the street, as at first feared by the doo-
or

The Death of a Remarkable Man.

From the Baltimore Sun.
FAREBRSpURO, W. Va., Aug. &.—John Lock-
ard, om of the most remarkanie men tn the
Bate, die. yesterday at Wadesv lie, aged ius

 

 

vy ara ond 10 months Until Friday he neve
vesickness Lie) everto k medic: °,
J never usd lassen and neo; rode when he

  
 
   
 

  

twa oroandaronk whis-

od rats coul) danoe au irish

 

knew d
nm

' in
j

| °
| J well os anv one ard only a few montia
hoo Welked egoteen mixes to Parkersb ire in
| prefere:ce to rin He yas bern in breland,
| bul a ter | neck. ( aloeal champion tna
he fl-di
i ve fl dito Ame..ot ond bas lived here for

fevoenty-fve veara

' fn the county Hie was

¢ strongest man

 

THE SUN, SU

INVISIBLE WALLS ARISE.

 

STRANGE HAPPENINGS IN THE MEXI-

CAN CITY OF QUERENDARO.

 

Are They Reared by the Uneasy Ghosts of the
Guerrilla Chief Marron and His Gang or
by the Kesentfal Wraiths of His Victims?

From the Boston Herald.

For scores of years the old one-story stone
house on the street of the Seven Gentlemen in
the clty of Querendaro had remained_in the
poavession of the Aliendes, till, in the troublous

times preceding Gen. Diaz's coming into power,

{t bad passed into the hands of “Col.” Marron,
@uerrilla leader against the French and im-
perialists, as he preferred to be known; but
rewarded by the “Mocho” party in the city as

& bloody-handed robber and highwayman.

How the “Colonel” had become possessed of
No
deed was passed; the old owners, the family of

the house was something of a mystery

Allende, most respectable people with haciendas
and shares in mines, had been extinguished,

there remaining at last only one old man, as

deaf as a wall, to occupy the place. He dis-
appeared one night, and the next day the “Col
onel” took posseaston with his “estado mayor”
or staff, a desperaw crew recruited among the
sort of people who hang on the edges of every
revolutionary cyclone, And as the “colone)”
Was @ testy person whose hands were stained
with powder, and something more doubtful,
and as his enemies had a trick of vanishing,
nobody in the city dared inquire into the con-
ditions of his tenure of the Allende property.
He was a tall, wiry, sinewy man with long,
brownish mustachios, eyes gray and full of
fire, a harah mouth, and an eagle's beak of @
Things were unsettled in the State and
the “Colonel” was much afield, usually in the
sierra where, ike a hawk, he watched the fertile
plain below and swooped down on an unwary
During the war of the intervention he
many as 1,400 dare devils, and
a dash into Querendaro, sure

nose

enemy
commanded a
once bad tmiade

pring and punishing awfully 400 French
soldiers, some of whom had seen African ser-
vice and all tough chaps. That exploit made
the name of “Col.” Marron farnous. For a few

days he was muster of the city, and good in-
perialistio citizens were in friendly
houses, or getung away in the disguise of cote
ton-clad peons. A dozen or more were ranged
against a wall out by the cemetery and shot
of the republic it was eaid that

hiding

 

for “enemies

 
  
   

the “Colonel” did some extensive and prof)-
table looting. Anyhow, he seemed, in after
years, to have lidden treasure to resort to

lies

in case of financial diMeu

The Emperor Maximilian went to his doom,
and slowly peace returned, ‘The iron-handed
Juarez juled in the City of Mexico and finished
the anti-clerical programine begun years be.
fore by President Comonfort. Friars and
nuns were bundled ont the convents and
monasteries, great properties, the result of
centuries of church rule, were solid to specu-
tayer they chose to pay,
revolution, redis-

and thus the great ioveller,
tributed accumulated wealth. Jit) seems a
natural sort of process it bappencd in eury's
time in England; it has oceurced in many lands

at different epochs, President Juarez gave
place to President Lerdo, who was @ milder
man and had less strenuous work to aecom-

plish, and, finally, there loomed high in the
politteal firmament of exico a dier of
genius and the ablest of them all, the great son
ef destiny, Portirio Diav. Lerdo was beaten,
Thus the dawn

 
 

 
 

and flecing leit the country.
ode Mexico Secan, A man with vast
i Napoleonic plans had begun to bui.da

   

¥ Leational edliice a siatesraan who had no
jear of American invesion, the triend of Grant
and an encouragor of railways,

 

 

 

  

 

It was, as has been sai¢, some two years
beiore this restorer of order took Mexico in
hand that “Col.” Marron beecar the de facto
owner of the ancient city house of the Allendes

! Querendaro was a lonwm way from the federal
copital times were Goubtiui, he had been a
| power in his re n, and had shewn that he
could raise troops and command thein to good
purpose, and so his predatory testes had to be
overlooked by men at the captial. It was no
tiine to bother about a Ngiding gentleman's
peccadilloes

The oontipancy of the old house by the
guerrilla chfettain was characterized by prodi-
gel expenditure, mnuch cock fighting on Sundsy
afternoons andhi«¢h gaming, Awftl tales were
told of people inveigled there, who were tor-
tured into sending letters to thelr friends in
distant placea demanding large sums of money

for some unmentioned purpose. One party
in the city eaid these were high players who
had to send home for money to meet debis of
honor; but the few Moc , or Clerical party
“Col” Marron

men, stlil alive, whisp-
but an oul-and-out

 

 

was no Republican ofMleer,
scoundrel, They only whispered this
ment in the privaey of their own houses and
with the doors barred, But Marron carried
himself with a high head: he rode abroad with
hi
and novody liked to tala of his doings
had become possessed of

meat shops of the city, leased them to enter-
prising north-country Spaniards or to natives

stale

 
    

of 4 business turn of mind, and ¢o had @ come
fortable inonthly income of fiuliy $2,000, Thus,
with extra income derived from queer sour

  
   

 

e becoming a gentioman
and support his henchmen quite like an old
time feudal baron, and just as respectably,
In fact, this type of strong, unscrupulous and
resolute men paralleled, in the times spoken
of, the followers of William the Conqueror:
moight makes right till lawyers and otaries
oolne along with red sealing wax, much ti
and stiff parchments. You have got to begir
somewhere and somehow Families of the
aristocracy. begin like the Duke of Argylli's
race, by killing off ublesome property
holders ond feizing what they have

The house was ample, like all old-fashioned
Mexican houses, built on broad and
principles, and suited to the patriarchal lite of the
people. Fifty guests could easily be accommiodas
ted there, and in the palmy cays of the Allendes
they entertained tn baror ie} style. Marron,
their successor, was lavish in his hospitality.
Nobody outside of his following lived there;

he could live in t

 

   

    

 

| he was a woman hater and allowed pone of the

| of the title T don't know

a

entler sex on the premises, His cooks wera
evoted followers, They would not be tempted
to poison hit

Noone exactly knows what went on in the
hones and its great gardens and enwalled or-
chards. There were “high Jinks,” much feasting,
waindiing aad pistol practice. Occasion.
ully strangers, apparently well to do, went to
the house, and popular rumor ran that they
did not alwoys come out again. The Marron
tenure lasted from 1874 till 1890. Then the
Colonel, being old and worn with excitement
and, most of all, with high living. fell ill and
his spirit departed to unknown regions. Th
Mochos, Who were unsympathetic, said he ba
gone to hell. But as he had merely lived a
other abla men nad done in many periods o
the world's nasa and gave of bis substance
to the poor at all times we may cherish the
hope that he fared as well as any feudal baron.

A keen and prosperous lawyer named Don
Nicolas Valdemoro, about 50 years old, wae the
next owner. How bearranged thatlittie matter
He probably satis-
fled, fur a song, any legal heirs of the Allendes,
and Marron’s estate had passed into the hands
of his only nephe

The Liccnctaco Viaddemoro waa from Puebla,
and was koen as the Poblonos have always
been reputed to be. A Philadelphia lawver
would have had to take his dust on the high-
way of professional competition. And he was
hard headed. He had come to Querendaro in
188, two years before Marron died. He liked
the place and, when the time came, bought
it {is family consisted of his wife Elena and
three chilaren of between 12 and 18, two boys
and a girl. He had perhaps ten’ servants,
including the chief gardener, who had peons
under him and they don't count

People talk about Marron’s uneasy ghost
waking about the rooms at night without any
regard to locked doors, Servants staved but
a few weeks as 4 rule and weat away wilh queer
tales to tell, The licenciado grew nervous
and, finaliv taking a house a few blocks away,
began tearing down the Allende-Marron casi
Ho coajlded to his friends that be had no fear
of anything phantasmal, but his wile, yot being
able to keep servants Jong, it sé cared best to
ull down the house and build a new one on
te foundations, and then he would have soma-

&
d

 

 
  

 

thing modern with the up-to-date conven-
fences that women like so well. It was a year
nt bac

acd a halt before the Valdemoros °
to the place into a house spick and span, bran
new and smelling of fresh paint an paper,
with a private electric lighting plant and electric
bells all over the house, which was of one story
like the old place. The parish priest blessed
the premises and there was a grand flesta and
any amount of champagne. Tho ghosts wera
surely banished. They might walk in the
orchards, said the liceuciado, and much good
woukd lt do them

And tie ghosts did remain away until a year
ago, when they care back in troops and with
any amount cf Gccunulated ingen ty. You
would have sald that it was “Col, arron and
al! his desperate eng. nee prive gt the licen-
cludo's heart waa his collection of o nungs
many of them selected by him in eos, aud

  

valued at many thousands of dollars.
liked to show them to his guests and expatiate
on their merits

 
  

  

 

He had sometimes talked of having a portrait
painted of “Cu Merron as a sort of ft hiator-
feal eet, ad pwr if he had corried out
his purpose thing ret have gone better
wih hon.) But the Sefora de Valdemoro ohe
jecled, and out her pliinn Mextean foot on the
Proiect

One morning the heenciade went into the bi
enin, or arior, for n irbose, and not
“iQ Indienation that reral ‘nu
bron pulled tron: their fremes and tay een the

oor. Lte called up all the servanis and read

he riot act to them. They got down on their

Sanenieee am

 

bedy guard of friends all armed to the teeth, |
He |

all the bakeries and !

generous |

knees and assured ¢! sefior amo that they could

not have been ty of such van :
was evident that they were sincere, an y
htened into the bargain.
week after, the piot having peea uly
restored o thelr rames, ne ot ung ap~
n n, on severa palnt-
Res had been Yipped trees the frames and

6 as with knives. Valdemoro was wroth
and consulted i Chief of Police, who sent
two trusty and confidential men to stay |
parlor nights. They remained on «vu ten
days, when one night they saw pictures falling
from their frames and heard a « panhing °
iouldings which terrified them. They bolted
fito the patio and stayed there, yelling for the
icenclado, who arose and went to the sala an
saw things for himself, flis hair good up al
over his head. fle swore rippling gentis
oaths in the creole manner, too. It was plain
that the supernatural visitors were no admirers
of the fine arts. So the pictures were taken
down, packed, and cent away for storage, The
parish priest and his young aasietants came and
exorcised the demons, and things went well
for a few months. Marron had never been
addicted to the uss of holy water.

One afternoon in summer a servant was
sent from the family sitting room to the dining
room for f glars of water; sho came back an
reported that midway n the big dining room

b

 

somebody had built a wall and that ehe cou
} not pass baron t. Her face had wn sin-
| ularly w rkneesshook. The sefora
went to t room and she, too, ran up
against the in le wall. Then she proper!
(as is customary under sic
circumstances) fainted dead away. When
the licanclade, who wae away from home
returned he found his wife In a high fever and
delirious. The servants told him what had
happened, and he was naturally incredulous
He went to the dining room, but found no wall.
Then he cursed them for a pack of imbectles.
But ho was uneasy in h's mind for all that.

The next day he remained in the house, his
wife still ill. Onee he arose and went to his
library to fetch a book, and Just Inside the li-
brary door he found a wall, solid, on which
you could rap with your knuckles and hurt
them.

He had a queer feeling about the stomach
and in the throat, and went back to his _bed-
room to reflect and collect his senses Then
be returned to the library and found the wa!l
onee more. Jt was a rough wall he could teil
' by the touch, but he could not see it, He re-

tired diseomfiled
Next morning, he having sald nothine about
the matter, went once again to the library
end found no wall, He accused himself of be-
ing a victim of an hallucination. But his brain
was dizzy and his nerves unstrung.
The invisible builders were active for weeks:
there were times when the dining room was
obstructed, and alwava in the middie, across
| Which @ good stiff wall had been erected. Only

no one could see it. Neighbors intimate with
' the Valdemoro family were called in, and they
| fom the wall and were wonderstruck. In on

and decereusl

 

   

hour the wall had vanished, and for months
the family could move about freely; but a few
scene

weeks ogo the house became again the

of building operation valdemoro called in
| an architect, who made measurements, and
finally submitted a plan; it was, in outline,
j a Very good sketch of the oid Allende-Marron
| horse the old wails were rising just as Uicy

deadeand-

hed before, Jokers said that the
gone Allendes were recovering their property
of which they had been dis sessed, The
Valdemoros moved out during such hours as
the invisible butiders made their walls pas«-
able, The house stands unoccupied; Valde-
moro is puzzling over a nice legal question,
namely, the right of ghostly builders to erect
a house within your own. The descendants
of the old Mocho families of the city are wagging
their heads and saying, “I told you so." On
some davs you ean wander all over Licenctado
Valdemoro’s new house; on other days you
run up against unseeable walls

The fame of the house is spreading beyond
Querendaro. Some people say it is the work
of the Allendes; most people fancy tt is a trick
of “Col.” Marron and his henchmen. — 1 don't
pretend to know: [ only put down the story
as told by travellers from Querendaro.

 

 

 

THE FLEXICON MOVEMENT.

The New Freach Way of Marching Is O14 to
the American Red Men.
From the Kansae City Journal

Anybody who knows anything et all about
modern fighting knows that the North American
Incian ts the man who sets the pace First the
A:merican frontier men studied his ways and
adopted his tactics, and the soldiery took it up
Baden- Powell, so the plucky littl South African
veneral confess.s, first read about American
seouts aud then took leasons from. their
teachers, the Ind ans themselves But now
there isasil inthe chain and France is studying
the Indian without going to (he trouble of first
ascertaining what the bestscout in the world,

the American soldier, thinks about it) France
is trving the “flexicon march,”

“Nevor get the leg straight,” are the French
instructions “Keep the back straight, but

}bont forward, Do not throw the shoulders
either buck or up
That is about the way an Indian wolks, so
Capt Uline of the Twentteth Infantry con-
' foses, but, he goes on, he never heard of the
} trict being tried by mi itar:
| ‘T cannot discuss the merits of the ‘fleti«
icon,’ the Cartain said, “beenaure I am not
|} fomiliar with tt From the description it is
j just about the way the Ind/an walks. His knee
| is never locked’ or thrust back. so as to have

The Indian never uses
the heel t the cxelusion of the ball of the for
but puts the sole down all at ones. Not al
Ind ars are ootmen. Leculd name half a dozen
tr bes which, to my rersonal knowledge, go
mIncunted always and almost everywhere, even
abou! their camp,

“The flexicon movement the
mentalista are said

the log quite straight,

French experi-
to be tinkering with and

a

NDAY, AUGUST 19,

i

copying from our indians is about the move- |

|
i
}
| menta soldier gets when he ts fatizvued. I am
not prepared to criticise it.”

An Fnelieh Army officer, a subaltern, here
| with the horse buyers, sald concerning the new
movement:

“The French are the createst bunglers in the
the world. They wet the wildest notions, ‘fads.’
Lousht toenail them, in their partes. I remem-
ber once they de idedto dresa every man in
Madawascar in red flannel underolothing.
Fvery man in the place got skin disense. Then
they went n for natural wool. and the men got
worse. They admitted red irritated the «kin

|} and then found that natural wool, being al-
| ready charged withoill, cou'd take up no more,
| 0 Was wor thless for absorbing rerspiration,

Now they are fiddling with the flexicon moves

ment, ovidenily trvine to <tep ahead of the

United States in following the Indian, and over-

looking the work the Lndian does when he goes

ou what we call hie “dog trot,” scouting, they

| propose to fmitate his walk.
| “It is my observation thata soldier requires
| this flex con movement alter }@ has cone about
four milestoaded down with his equipment,
| The French may teach him to always walk
tired to death, but I do not think we shall ever
see the British or these Arnerioan solviera at it,
“Com ng home to one'sealf, ona would not
like to startto his work in the morning with
the tired out look and movetaont that he goes

home withifbe'ag earned his salt. It is a

wat of of pride to pull one's self together for

10 day.

 

ABOUT 100 FEET OF SNAKE

The Estimated Length of a Serpent Whose
Petrified Head and Tall Have Been Found.

From the Denver Republican.

In ages gone by there were snakes in Colo~
rado perhaps 100 feet in length. Curator Will
(, Ferril of the State Historical 8 ciety, con-
siders himself at liberty to make this statement,
as the result of recent diveoveries made in the
vicinity of Florence. A buge monster has been
discovered which proves beyond peradventure
| the snake story. Near Florence, W F. Masters
| of Vietor, found part of the petrified body of
one colossal snake. Tho prehistoric reptile had

u head fully the size of a ham and about the same
shape. [he exceptionally large eyes are placed
as are those of an ordinary snake, The stone
head {# 85x36 incnes. A piece of the stony
tail found, which is 86 ‘ches long, indicates
that the reptile must have been 80 inches
in clromferer.e. Masters seems to think
from the development of the tail that this
rartioular snake was a young one, not fully
developed. In that cas> those of the rame
family fully grown would be larger and much
longer. In tending to Gov. Thomas the de-
| se ption of this imyortant discovery Masters
saya that he will forward a sketch as soon as
pose\ble  Ferril was asked by Gov. Thomas to
use every means at his disposa! to secure the
specimen at once, together with as many others
rom the same locality as porsibie. burator
errll thinks ‘hat as the ossifed head was
found tn the sandetene strata there must be
mere apecimen* neer at pees. ‘Thess he will at
once secure, if pessibie, and will add them to
the Btate collection. Masnters's letter to Gov.
Thomas, which sets ferth the first vague and
uncertain facie in this important discovery, is
as fellows:

“flononep Sin: [have recently found 4 fo sil-
ized specimen of a pur monster of a very sin-
gvier character, and, thinking you were the one
mcstlikely to ote me to the proper person for
further correspondence in regard to the mat-
tor, J weuld be pleased to have you refer the
Thatter to proper authority and have the en-
a clippi written up in the Repudlican.

f ‘@ time IT will send @ rough eketch of the
( ing not on record,

fing. I think this ls somar
and should be kep the tate museum."

Travels ef a Hobe Cat.

{ From the Washington Post
PARKEnsuURG, W. Va, Aug. 6.—A hobo oat,
whioh ken to ride on the trucks beneath 4 par-
| jor car, and which has covered in that way more
ton @ thousand m les inthe last fonr days, {.
| being petted here by local railroad men, with a

 

 

 

 

view toin: ucing it to give up ite tours, Within
} the past four days it ows trovelie! on the trucks
from Cincinnati to Pittsburg and return on the
Ohio Vale) expresa, and bas come far as
Parkersburg on ite seoond rip. a hee ved
| to be tho eaine cat whigh rece

It i
ta similar way throug enneyi ie ”

ee

a

1900.

A DIARY OF STARVATION

KEPT BY WEYHRICH UNTIL TWO DAYS
BEFORE MIS DEATH.

Five Days Later Food Was Obtained by His
Surviving Companion—A Story of Terri-
ble Suffering in the British Northwest.

From the Loa Angelea Times.

Henry Weyhrich, a motorman, who left the
service of the Los Angeles Railway Company
in the winter of 1898 to seek his fortune in the
Klondike, has starved to death. His comrade,
A. L. Dominy, who narrowly escaped the same
fate, returned Saturday in safety to his home
at Adams and Hoover etreets in this city, bring-
ing the news of Weyhrich’s death. Mr. Dominy
was with Weybrich when he died, and brought
back to a brave little mother and sister, who
live out on dinth street, Just beyond Park View
avenue, a hundred loving messages and a diary
in which the young prospector told of his little
daily adventures aud at last how he was dying
by inches of hunger. It is a piteous book, that
diary; for he writes herolcally, trying to, eee
hope where there was no hope.

Weyhrich wus one of the Sunny South party
which left Los Angeles for the Klondike two
and one-half years ago. They took the Ed-
monton route, which carried them along Peace
River, by Fort Graham and along Sylvester Post,
The other members all turned back before long,
but Weyhrich and Dominy kept on into Oe
interior of Northwest Territory. They h
bad luck, They found a iittle gold, but it was
too fine and not in paying quantities. They
had come so far for it that they conld not bear
to turn about empty-han’ and stayed on
and on tn the threatof the coming winter.

At last it caught them, and unable to travel
further or to go back, they had to build @ cabin
at the lower end of McPherson Lake on the
Yeasezoo Hiver, about five hundred iniles
from Dawson and 240 miles from Fort Liard,
where wore probably the nearest human be-
ings. They knew they had not provisions
enough to last the winter through, but rested
easy in the hope of wetting plenty of game.

Mr. Weyhrich writes rily in hie diary
of thelr seareh for a good place for the cabin
home and later tells how they built it. Their
axes got yery dull and nicked, and it was fear-
fully cold, the thermometer sometimes going
down to 40 and even 65 degroes below zero,
Still they seemed to be having a not uupleasan
experience, Sroall game like pine martin an
squirrel appeared to be plenty enough. But
as winter setUed down the game became very
scarce and the provisions began to run low.
The men kept living in the hope of getting a
moose, Sometimes they found. tracks; some-
Uines saw the game, but when the moose came
it was too late for poor Weynrich, Last New
Year's Day the two snow-sieged prospectors
had a pathetic little celebration in their cabin,
They knew by that time that there was small

chance of either one svaing another New years
e

 

 

Day. Weyhrich told of it in his diary.
jwade tht entry .
“Jan. 1, 1900, Camp Winter Quarters

‘Cold and clear.
“We had two good meals o-dag. Dominy
baked pancakes, using the last of our. citrio
tin grease the apider with a bit of
steric acid candle, 1 cooked aried apples,
which we ate with the pancakes and flour
gravy. For dinner we had vegetables, flour
mush and a spoonful of peameal—our last—
an‘ dried apples for supper. :

“J remaiued in eninp and cut up a big log
of frewoo.. Mr. Donny went moose hunting-
Saw fresh signs, but could not get to them-
They were travelling. He caught one marten
aha one weasel in a trap.”

The wood had to be gAthered in enormous
quantifies. Sometimes they burned as much
as a cord in a night to keep from freezing.
Weyhrich had run out of writing popes ang the
record of the doings of that lust fateful winter
waa written across the , ges of alittle Spanish-
English Bible, which hau the sacrea worcus
priated in parallel columns in the tro lan-
gunges., It seemed as though hope had left
them that New Year's dey, for tlero is not a
gleam of anything but cespair in the record
of the days thereafter—only a cool, manly
relgnation. On Jan. 6 Weynrich writes
“foo weak to fo hunting. Cookeo spoonful
of rice, ove of Aour, one of vegetable, one leg

of sauirral.”

“Janu 7.—Very oold. 1 chopped wood. Mr.
Dominy rested so as to save his strength for
MmMvvse lo-merrow.

| feel tuat the Lord has saved our souls,
though our bodies perish by starvation or
freezing. Our situation {s very desperate
Living on two meals of thin soup.

Jan. §—Mr Dominy went moose hunting
three miles up to the left Saw moose on op-
yosite mountain, but as it was getting dark and
iis strenath was fatling, he could not get av it,

“We are eating buds of willow to stay gnaw-
ing pangs of hunger Ate one little white
weasel for breakfast. Our soup keeps getting
thinner every day.

"We are getting weaker fast and can't hold
out many more days

aed

“If relfef in some shape does not come soon
we must perish
‘Jan. @--Siurving to death

“One spoontul of evaporated vegetable and
one of rice and one of flour per man per day,
and doing hard work on that

“Mr. Dominy goes moose hunting every da
from one to four miles, breaking new trails wit
sjowshoes without getting sightof any moose
except one at dusk half way up the mountain

“Weather is cold, about thirty to forty below
zero, and fine snow with wind from the north
daily, which cuts through a person

‘We can hardly keep warm on the wood I can
cut during the daytime’

“Jan 10--Very cold. Snowed during the
nigiit and all day. Fine now,

fice all mone. No living thing moving,
The squirrels have crawled into their holes
and the few remaining pine martes have
one the same,

‘Mr. Dominy and & both went moose hunting

 

 

up to Tarmergan Bench, three miles up the
river to the leit. Saw no signs of any living
thing

“\Ve both expect to die if we don't get out-
side relief within. one week, as the snow Is
€eUiue -o deep and our strength is failing fast,

it all depends on our getting a moose, and
they are not to be had.

“We are prepared to meet our Lord and
Saviour in heaven, Where care and sin and sor-
row are no more. IL will meet dear beloved
mother and sister there with relatives and

frie ids.

‘Jan. 11.—Very cold, snow continuing. Al-
most impossible to move around camp with-
put paeweness, Snow ts four feet deep on a
evel,

“Flour all gone. No sign of moose or anv
other game, Not even a bird. We aro livin
on, ene spoonful of vegetables and the tips o
willows

For five days following this entry Wevhrich
was too weak to write, evidently. Each day
he merely entered the date and the name of the
camp, “Winter Quarters,”

The sad record closes Tuesday, Jan. 16. It
seems as though Werhrich knew it was to be
the last gatry,, He tag wi

“Tuesday, Jan. 16, 1900, yinter quagters.

“Ileury A. Weyhrich of Los Angeles fal
A. 1, Dominy.

“Cold, Very cold, About three inches of

ongy Fal last night. 1b ¢ Uri
“I have given opes o Li
legs are so weak and thin they can't suppor
my body.

T am a skeleton.”

By one of those wetrd circumstances which
are so often encountered where Bibles play
a part, Weyhrich’s dying message was writ-
ten across the following verses in Acts:

“And now beliold 1 go bound in the Spirit
unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that
ehall verall me phere, w Gh

“Save that the oly ost witneaseth {
every city saying that bonds and affections
abjge Me. t th bi

“But_none of these things move neit
count I my life dear, unto myself to Rither
might my courde with joy and t min-
latry which I have received of the Lord Jesus
to testify the Gospel of the grace of God.”

Two days after, Weyhrich went to
with the utmost pluck and cheerfulness, He
and Dominy sang songs al! the morning untiF
the end came.

Dominy buried his friend and lived four
months alone in the camp. wo days after
Weyhrich died he managed to shoot a squirrel
and five days after Weylirich's death the longed
ia moose was slain. This saved Dominy's

e

When he regained his strength by food,
he made a terrible ourney across the enow
to Cty Ulsan en 4 ily spt safely home,
carry eyhrich's diary an pers thro
all Ct. ” we

dehips.
Weyhrich had many de in t
© was 4 native of Pekin, Dl, and 25%;

Angeles in 1887,

Jerry Simpson's Shirt Waist.

From the Chicago Times Herald,

Wrontta, Kan., Aug. 12.—-An_ inexhaustible
source of porular wonderment is Jerry Sinpaon.
The Medicine Lodge statesman spoke here ye.-
terday, appearing in one of those soft, fu y
cool creations, whion until recently were to be
found only In the wardrobe of woman. The
garment had {ys been linported from the Ean

“It's a fine thing jor pol{tical speakers,” said

ir. Sinpso., “and Just what they have

do not wear it for style, but for oon, ort. I
expect to wear it during my campaign——
4 on, Hhiabiag, perhars, st pome of the i

18 osure o ack of footgear
vee ea caused, he added: tins

“Not the same one, because I have several.
Lehall urge my friends to wear them.” -

The shirt-waist politician caused open-
mouthed amszemant and considerable taik
Ha Ponu'isi friends do not know whether the:
idol is trying to “shake’’ his common atyieo
dres- or whether he seeks more notoriety, but
the ohange certainly heiped ‘inn, he ran
things rearly to his own notion In yesterday's
convention

When he was cetilng ready to leave the hall,
however, Mr. Simpson's nerve was not equal to
the ordeal. sattaitgned Into af ante-room and

fi out Rar on Bt ala 2 bet eds

vitae

 

as

 

rr ee ee ee

SHARK TANK

LIFE IN THE

. |
Passing of the Pilot Fish and Introduction of |
the Wellow Mackerel.

One of the Aquarium's most striking and |
attractive exhibits is a shark behind glass in |
a tank, where it can be approached and viewed |
close at hand. There are several sbarke in the |
great contral pool on the fluor of the Aquariun, |
but they don’t begin to fix the eye as this single |
one does, where the visitor can get within |

 

three or four feet of it and inspect it closely aa |

it swims deliberately about, It is only atout
four feet long, but a shark is a shark, and even
a four footer seen close at hand as this one ts
suggests strength, reserve power and ferocity.

When the shark was frst placed in the tank
there were put in with it two or three pilot
fishes, taken from the pool whence the shark
had come. Here they followed their natural
habit of accompanying the shark in ite goings
about. They went where it did, swimming
under it, alongside of it, somewhere near it,
all the U:ne; inseparable companions of tue
shark, and fearless of it ever. A pilot eh
that was disturbed by parasites which t.ade
it itch, would deliberately rub itself against
the shark’s body and then turn round and
rub the other side, The shark's skin serves
this purpose well, Shark’'s skin, indeed, when
properly cured, is sometimes put Ww the uses
of sand paper. The shark never resented this

sort of thing; in fact, it paid no attention to it

y more (nan @ big steamer woving slowly

ong would pay attention to a small tug that
rubbed against its side. But now and then
the shark, parpening to find an over-femiliar
pilot fle within reach, perhaps in the turning
at the end of the tank, when it swung round
to go down in the other direction in ils consoloss
slow swiuuuing, Would nip at it as though re-
sonting the pilot's audacity

One after another, due to the accidents of

 

   

an

Northern Steamship Co. j
HAS EXTENDED ITS SEASON

September {fs the most delightful
month to be on the Great Lakes.

Last steamer west bound from Buffa'o
Sept. i14—east bound from Dulwh §
A September 18,

For further (nformation (natt'rs of
pny ral'road tickets agent

NEW Y RK OFFICE, 375 Broadway.
& J. ELLISON, G.A.P.D.

 

—_—
PAT MURPTTY AND THE MULES

Secret of the Method by Which He Watered
Thirtecn Cantankerous Deaste

 

 

captivity or to the natural course of things,
"e Lo Sohes died, and there were place din Chev were Yankee mules, sald the nvald
the tank to keep company with the shark two ripley as ‘ay hie wav home from the Tran
slzable yellow maokerel, auc later, one little ran - peal oo x, 7 a
one, Lightning quick fishes that are alwaya | VA i wilh a vacant look ‘ was nor
on tho go, a8 the shark is, thouga in a@ di'ferei! | Joubert'smenthatdidmeup. Iwasat Coin
manner. The shark came irom Giavesend | and alons the Tugela, and Leaw some pre
Bay, as did the two larwer of the yellow mack- ; 7 , :
ere!, The little one carne from Bermuda, but | bot work most everywhere till the relef
putin a a it oo ht ins oqlateny tne & Om- |} Ladvamith and not a thing lbappened to 4
ny o ts older wrothers vy oWod ld face } ts - nowink ¢ eve] \
rom Gravesend, tt know tts, kind | 2 TS S08 VOROS PRN Rot SIRS Oh
at once, and tt hea stunk to | they had shot at me so often
them ever @iuoe, Occasiunally, to be sure, “Tl tell you just how it was. Ours wae one
the little one darts away from them fer an] of those mountain batteries whieh cou unsere
excursion on {te own account, a8 a@ little ebiid { ' - ) ”~ the }
runs away from ite guardians; but it comes | @8@ back arora the countes on the bacns
gulckly back. The two tig, yellow mackerei | horses. It worked all right. bet the her
n Closely together, and commonly the ada wav o etting siek or used unm mar
little one, in the’ tums and circles that they | “87% way of getting sick ee

make in swimming, swime on the inside of the
circle, so that with its shorter legs.it will have
less ground to cover, or elee to keep the bigger
fishes between it and the ehark.

For the vellow mackerel do not follow or
accompany the shark as the pliot fish did
They may seem at times to be following him,
but it will be noticed that they keen at a uni-
form distance from him. and that the distance
they take is pretty nearly us grea ae the space
in the tank will permit. And their followin
apparently is prompted by a desire !iterally
to follow, to keep alwavs near the tail end

of the shark and away from his jeud. They
show in thisanervous activity of movement
Ae for the shurk, what he migh' do here

if he got a chance, Wobody knows, though the
yelow mackerel een to have @ pretiy clear
opinion; but as it is, he just ewirus round and
round slowly, put unendinal fomelimes

keeping 11 one nart of hie double tank. and |

then #larting off through the connecting areh
into the other part, turping at the other end
and coming back through the area and sailing
slowly thus back and forth, to and fro tiier-
minahly, and alwava de'iberately, and sp-
parently uever noting the nervous yellow
mackerel.

 

JETTIES.

aes

THE MISSISSITTI

Cost $50,000 000, and Now Are
Turned Over to the Government.

From the Waehington Roast

“The Eads jetties, {n the South pass of the
Missitsippi delta, are now ready to be taken
over by the Government,” sald Mr. betell Mo-
Henry of St, Louls, one ef the administratora of
the Eads estate, at the Rileigh lastnight. “The
twenty years that the contractor was required
to keep twent)-six feet of water flowing
through the South pass have now expired, and
every condition of the contract has been com-
plied with. By the terms of the reoent act if
Congress the Government may assume control
of the works by paying over to the Kuds estate
we $600,000 yet rematning of the contract price.

his will be done as soon as @ purchase price
for the plant has been agreed upon and other
detaila oleared up. It ts notlikely that any
obstacles wiilcomein the way ofa final seitle-
ment, as itis provided that the price to be pad
for the plont, whch Is outside theo niract
price for budidit g the jetties, is to be fixed by
arbitration in case of a tailure to agree

“The Mississippi jetties are among the most
gigantic engineering feats of the wor'd, oo«ting
in the negiborhood of $50,000,000, and making
@ 26-foot chanel out of a sireain where
there was fortneriy but eicht feet of water.
This has made of New Orleans a port for tne
largestamonw ooean-going vessels, where other-
wise only thesimaliest of craft could have
crossed the bars.

“The Eads fettles, however, while they are up
tothe specifications of the contract, will not
meet the need: of thefuture. They are slready
building vessels that draw thirty fort of wae:
Itis now proposed that the Government s ial)
build Jettiea in ths Bouthwest pass that will
make of ita channel with water for even larger
than 80-foot draught ve sels. The Southwest
pass hag now only about eight feet of water, the
silt the Mississippi brings down having filled up
eight fect of it wince tie Kad: jetties were built
twenty years ago."

to Be

 

The Frog Came Pack.

From the Philadelphia Daily Evening Telegraph.

The fremen at Tenth and Arch «treets, Cam-
den, are mystified at the sudden reap;earance
of a large bullfrog, weighing two pounds hat

was kept and petted by them for several
nonths. The frog was kent in alarge aquariuin,
a which sunfish and carp were 480 kepi, but
ecause scievtifio men told the firemen that the
presence of the “rena escilenta’’ caused tho
Stagnation of the water andeonsequent death
01 the fish, the firemen decided io kill the frog.
Whether the frog, by meatal telecraphy, be-
came cognizant of hls approaching exeention
or not is not known, but in less fan fifteen
minutes after hi- fate was deciced the frog di--
appeared and was found in a water trouch
three blocks dittant. ‘There the firemen fed him
with crumbs until about a month ago. when he
again di appeared, and was suppos dto have
been Kile by boys.

Yesterdsy hereapneared. While the firemen
were Poishing their harness ther heard a gut-
teral ‘‘Ker-wuh! Ker-wih!" and obsorved the
fos hopping from th» gutter toward the flre-

use, @ seemed to recognze his former
friends. jumped past them into the room and
hopped direcily into the aquarium. The
fish, instead of being soared at the intruder
manifested their delight by s«'mming near and
disrorting themselves close to hin,

Where the frog was during the intervenin
four weeks is a mystery, as is his recollection oF
his former friends

   
    

Immediate
Delivery.

 

High grade Gasoline Stanhope Phae-
tons, built under the Duryea patents,
with improvements which make these
carriages thoroughly practicable and reli-
able—not an untried experiment, but
thoroughly tested and

The Most Perfect Gasoline
Carriage in Use.

‘Theve oarringes are elegantin design and fn-
feb, trimmed in best of leather, ‘ey, heavy
hacton ton, fenders, spe lamps. bell, eta
quip with 6b. p. 2-eylinéer balance motor,
three forward «perds and rerirse, powerful
Drake, and foot tever for Staring from seat
Patreme ease and simplicity tn anern: « Bi abso
lute safety: practically noisciess. entl-eiv fire
from vibratton and udor, and perfect iu mec ban
a construct! on
eseriptive literature on request
of eakitation. q Cetriages

PERCY L. KLOCK,
#040 Broadway (cor, 100th St.), New York City,
and 316 Pacific St, Stamfoad, Conn.

       
       
   
       
           
           
        
    
     

}

PAR LTT NE NA irae nett neo ORNL ls th ay: Ae a inl Danita Nig sian Phi es ALA I ; a
amy t ty . aA i % chi Pa im iter ene oe ae sere 28 eee

| and she lid

Afther tn third time she got sick of th’ w

ther

decided to urn

lous!y quick ands ymeone told thea
about the mules and they
ba into a mule batter:

We don't

have the brutes at home. ao wa

don't know much about therm There was a
iot of them down at the Cape that had
come over fron, New Orleans and the é

us up thirteen of them, the frtekiest
lot of ble jackasses :ou ever saw: all but ¢
| eld moth-eaten mole skin whieh they aaid could
sod as the bell mars. You see the Yan
over there have a way of packing these mu
J and driving them {a @ string go that they
‘follow a ijeader with a bell around he
heck and thia leader is called a bel. mare. But
those mules they sent uptous, I don't believe
they had ever followed anything. The first thing
they did was to stampede and it took the wha
eamp (ll dark to get them back {nto their stalls
The way the brutes had of backing around
toward a fellow, laving their eara back end
dancing their little heels till they got a erack
at him was @ caution. Only the old leader
was doctle like, She was so old there wasn't
a@ kick left in her,

“That first day’: experience was enough to
make us ail sick of mules, all but Lient
Jenks. Jenks wasn't thera when the stampede
took place and so he hadn't learned anything
| about the mules. I don't believe he knew a

mule when he saw one, anyway. As luck would

have it Jenks was orderly officer the day aftor
| the stampeding and Pat Murphy and I were
| the only privates left in camp. Pat was on

stable duty and I felt rather sorry for him be-

cause he would be expected to water those

tmnules, and I was pretty sure it would take
| every man in the battery to get them out of
| thelr stalls and back again. I think we both
Ee in hopes the [Aeutenant would forgt
'
|
|
i
|
|

| be

aj] about the mule: haying to be watered, but

Pat vaid nothing to me and I said nothing to

Pat. You see I was afraid I might be expected

to help him.

“I found the mort things to keep me busy that
day I ever found before the mules came. I/t
Was near night and I was sweating over a ¢
carriage when Lieut. Jenks happened to think
that the mules hadn't been watered. He or-
dered Pat to trot them out and water the:
Pat saluted and said the blamed bea-ts had
heen watered, but the “Lieutenant wouldn't

| believe him and told bia
water thein again,

“Pat had heon_transferred to our battery
from the Dublin Fustliers and he was generally
considered the greanest man in the batter
If there was a langh to be had it was to be hod
at the expenee of poor Pat. When the Lieute
art finally ordered hin to trot out the mules, he

| looked over to me sort of helplessly, for he
knew TE would have to finish that gun carriave
before dark, and I couldn't be expected to
ner him. So he shambled away to the mul»
stalls, I could hear him in there, a rump
with him shouting and the mules a kicking
but presently they all quiets down and Pat
comes out leading @ mule just as quiet and tame
as it could be

“The Lieutenant stood by the watering tan\
to aee how much that mule would drink an
then he talked pretty sharp to Pat beea:
the mule was preity near choked to ceat
Pat didn’t say anything but when he led ou!
a+second mule and that one didn’t seem to want
to drink 80 much the Lieutenant walked away
telling him to hurry up and get through ns
some of the mules might want to drink and
tome mightn't As Pat led away his third
mule I head him say triumpant like: ‘There
begosh, didn't I tell yez th’ mules had been
wathered,’

“T hadn't seen Pat water the mules and tie
Lieutenant hadn't, and he shouted after Pit
that it made no difference, he must give ther
all a turn at the tank. Pat went to whistiin’
and bringing those mules out one after tie
other just as lamb like as though they ad never
kicked or stampeded in their lives \ I] he bad
watered the thirteen of them.

“The next day] was on stable duty and |
thought if anIrishman like Pat Murpfy « oul 4
water those mules, 1 could too. Sol went in
@inong them and there was a rumpus ifeit away
The first one I went near just laid back his ears
and let fy all four feet at once I saw abo!
four million stars. 1 don't kaoow what ha;
pened ajter that but when I cane to, I was in
the hospital. That blessed mule had done it

“Just beiore they sent me down to the Cape
Pat er phy came to see me. He stood around
, @-twitching his cap and saying he was awfu!!y
sorry 1 got done up. it sort of stuck ia ny
crop to think that Pat had watered those mule:
and ] hadn't, and he said;

‘ ‘Never ye mina, ‘Tom, ye should a’ sea t)'
byes a wyin’ ter water then atiher ye got done
up, Tom. It took th’ whole bloody camp an
th’ Cunnel besides. An’ thin atther diriuakin’
all th’ wather that was in th’ tanks, they tort
ter make kindlin' wood out o' them with Wie
heels *

“But, Pat,’ said I, “you watered them,’

“Yes,’ said he, I wathered thirn,’ and he
stood there a twitching his cap, looking dow 0
at the ground guilty like, and then he said he
was worry, and he had come two beg my parde
| because if he hadu't done it IT wouldn't a
} pot hurt. And all this time I was wondertha
| how he had done it, aud then 1 Just turned ove:
and said:
'
|

rather sherply t

 

 

 

Coine, Pat, tell me how you managed then.
“Well, Tom,’ said he, ‘ye remember Uh’ ole
mole kia 4 wuz sent up fur a leader, th’
thing that hed nary a kick or vite in her?
“Yes, the one they called the bell mare, said
she came out of Soal's Ark.’
“Yeu, that's Ui’ very one,’ said Pat, his eye.
brightenin
“Well, what about her?’
“Nothin’, only she didn't kick, ye know,
‘euue, lainblike, an’ whin I seed |
couldu't wather ch’ other brutes I jist lid t
ole moleskia out and wathered her,'an’ it hein
80 dead easy I] wathered her thirteen tine

  

 

an’ wouldn't dhrink no more. It sort o win!
back on her stemmick, but she couldn't kick
an’ th’ Lieutenant didn't eateh on. I'm sorr
yes got hurt, Tom,' eaid he, ‘an’ if I'd a know
i was mein’ ter be foci enough tar go up t*

tim mules I woulda toid ve.’

“So that's how [ got dono up. It wast
Joubert’s men, but it was those blamed Yaukee
mules,”

 

Wrote Ais Own Epitaph.

From the Baltimore Siin.
HAGERSTOWN, Md., Aug. 14.—Albert Eiche!-
berger of Millstone Polnt, who made an unsuc-
coaaful atternpt to commit euieide Saturds. by
drinking Jaudanum, vefore taking the po teon
) bed to his wife a note ooo ial.ine the following
nea to be placed on ix tombstone: .
When I om dead and in my grave
Nov more whis' vy willl crave
Acd on tiny t nbetone have tt wrote
That many « gallon weotdown my t

The inan is a saloonkeeper

roat

Horrible Saanicton.

From the Catholte standard aud Timea
The timid sulto: had Anally etated bie ease
“Hmm! be@an ile girl's fetuer, ooking et
GiGi mbar dad tug wae Saas)
A e © oune man, ¥
oat your job?" 7 . ?

-*

° 4

° 9
P

‘ ‘