»

}

Aum

JUSTICE SMYTH IS DEAD,

p gonisT svcCUMBS TO PNEU-
MONIA AT ATLANTIC CITY,

 

NOTE

' rl His Health
Hecn There Siace July 2 for '

a aes a Roman Catholio Two Yoars
Ago Whea Sertoasly Ill and Was Anointed
Immediately After Baptiem—His Career,

Aruantic City, N. d., Aug, 18.—dustice fred-

erick = Sinyth of the New York Supreme
Court died at the Hotel Dennis at 2
o'clock this afternoon, Justice Smyth had been
bere since July. He was in bad health when he
came, but was recovering Three days ago
pneumonia developed in both lungs and
cused = his death. lie was attended
during his Milnes by Prof. Mills, the

ye specialist of Philadelphia, and Dr. B. ©.
Pennington of Atlantlo City. His daughter,
Mies Anna A. Smyth, the only survivor of his
{inmediate family, and John H. Rogan, an
ney of New York city, were with him when

ner

att
he died
rday afternoon Justice Smyth began to

a a He was consctous up to about two hours
hefore tis death, Me was tranquil and sald to
these bes de him that he was ready to go.

| it rites were administered to him yes
ni iy py the Rev. Father McShane, pastor of
~ SN cholas Roman Cathollo Church of this

git

the body was sent to New York on the 6:30
Pennsylvania express this evening. No arrange-
menta have yet been made for the funeral, but
the bod: will probably be buried in the family
plot in Greenwood Cemetery.

+« Smyth was born fn 1883 in a pretty
residence called Dangau Cottage,

 

Freer!

vurbar {
eub Menu of Lake Carrib, near the ancient

  
 
 

Nee of Manlough and Terryland, about a
ip from «nlway, Ireland. In. the college
iad by Frasmus Smith and under the

' of Dr. Whitley he received his early
aiinn, le father, Matthew Thomas
, was a meniber of an old Galway family
d filed for many. years the office of Sheriff.
He waa a muan of the people, popular with all
creads and classes, and held in the highest
cet and affection, This was shown in the
Galway election of 1826, at which time

  
  

the er ence of Sheriff Smyth and a few
corda of peace from him restored order. He
vas ao ran much smaller in stature than his
son. He died poor. Til fortunes of the Smyth
family after the death of the Sheriff forced
voung Frederick to turn hia face to the New
World He began life in America as a clerk

in the law office of Florence MeCarthy, remain-
ing there until MeCarthy became Justice of the
Marine Court, when he entered the office of
John MeKeon. He was admitted to the bar
in the fall of 185, and shortly afterward, when
Mekeon was appointed United States District
‘attorney to succeed Charles O'Conor, he be-
came one of hig assistants. There he remained
until the appointment of Theodore Sedgwick
as United States District Attorney by President
Buchanan Sedgewick offered to continue
Smyth in hia place, but the young man declined,
having arranged with McKeon @ partnership
for the practice of the law. The firm of McKeon
4 Smyth was continued until 1879, when Smyth
was appointed Recorder to fill the unexpired
tarm of the late John K. Hackett,

The period during which Mr. Smyth acted
as an Assistant United States District Attorne
forms a remarkable page {in the legal ann
of New York. It was full of interesting cases,
both civ!) and criminal. It was marked by a
vigorous and unrelenting prosecution of th
{n the slave trade. McKeon and Smyth uso
carried on an active and bitter crusade against
persons engaged in breach of the neutrali
laws, among others Gen. Walker and Col.
Prench, engaged in raiding Nicaragua. It
was by Frederick Smyth that the evidence was
prepared and given to Sevretary of State Marcy
on which the latter ordered out of this country
Bir John Crampton, then British Minteter

r. Barclay, British Consul at New York, an

r. Matthews at Philadelphia

Among other interesting cases which arose
during his first period of official life waa the
tria) of the son of a former Secretary of the
Na for murder on the high seas, and of a

umber of persons tried before Chief Justice
Nelson for violation of the laws against the
slave trade. In the firm of McKeon & Smyth
he handled the civil branch of the business,
while McKeon took charge of the criminal

Ale never took an active part in politics until
the sweeping out of the Tweed cang from Tam-
many Hall. He then joined the society an
was elected a sachem, an office which he hel
for many years

fe was a Commiasioner of Schools from
1868 to 1865, and was also a member of the
Board of Education. He was frequently a
delagate to the State conventions and in 1876 was
a delegate to the National Convention which
nominated Samuel J. Tilden. With Horatio
Seymour and Augugtys Schell he was a Presi-
ential Elector, and he regarded it as one of

e proudest events of his life that he was

{tted as such to cast the vote of his State
or Mr. Tilden. {5 1879 he was elected Recorder
of the city for afull term of fourteen years b:
a large majority over his Republican opponent,
Daniel G. Rollins.

As Reeorder he was regarded as one of the
ablest criminal Judges in the country. He
was a ephinx on the bench, but his eyes took
in everything. He was a keen judge of human
nature and a keener Judge of criminal nature.
He was the terror of criminals and because of
the mistaken lenity of his predecessors and
some of his associates on the criminal bench, his
own strict sense of Justice earned for him the
reputation of being an exceedingly harsh
man. He was not a h man, as a hundred
and one little incidents in his career show.
He could see no profit to society by extending
clemency to an habitualcriminal. No other man
who ever sat on the bench sentenced men for
euch long terms, it is said, as Justice Smyth
when he was Recorder, and no man ever sent
60 many men to their deaths from the bench.
He had little sympathy for a murderer.

For the man who fell from grace for the first
time, whose crime was the result of misfortune,
Justice Smyth had a genuine sympathy. He
ended sentence on many an unfortunate
hom a jury had pronounced guilty.

Some of the more famous trials at which
Justice Smyth presided were those of “Frenchy,”
or Hen All, who was convicted of murdering
the old woman known as Shakespeare !n an
Fast Side hotel; Danny Driscoll, the Whyo
leader, who killed Beezle Garrity; Lyons, who
killed his brother with a cleaver: young Min-
naug!. Pallister, who escaped from the death
oh ver oat Sing Sing only to lose hia life in
the Hudson River: Sergt. Crowley, who
assaulted Maggie Morris: “Biff” Ellison, Car-
Ivlie Harris, Dr. Robert W. Buchanan and Dr.
Henry ( KF, Meyer.

Justice Smyth had many friends and ad-
mirers among prominent men Frederick
R. Coudert rewarded him as the greatast crimi-
nal Judge in the world, and ex-Judgae Noah
Davis had this to say of him, shortly after the
expiration of his term as Recorder:

‘I have often said that I regard Reoorder
1 as by far the ablest and best Judge
io has occupled the bench of the Recorder's
court within my knowledge of that tribunal
T have regarded it as a «reat blessing to this
efty to have in that big criminal court a Judge
as capable, fearless and upright as 1 have al-
wars believed him to be.”
defeated for the Recordership by
Goff in 1894. Goff had made a reputa-
he manner in which he conducted
ination of witnesses before the Lexow
and he was swept into office on the

 

 

 

 

Smrth was

  

e of reform that made William L. Strong
Mayor. A vacancy on the Supreme Court
bench furnished an opportunity to utillze Mr.

Smyth's ability and he was elected to it
Justice Smyth was a member of the Episco-
pal Church, but in 1898 he became a Roman
Catholic. His wife had cied but a short time
before and he was seriously ill at his residence,
15 West Forty-sixty street. On Saturday,
Feb. 10, the Justice sent a messenger in a car-
riage to the parish house of St. Gabriel's Church
in Weet Thirty-seventh street. The messenger
bore a note to Mer. Farley, pastor of St. Ga-
briel's and Auxiliary Bishop of the Arch: jo-
rena of y York, who had been a friend of
Justices Smyth for years. The note requested
Rishop Farley to call at his earliest conven-
lence. Hishop Farley respondei at once and
when he was shown to the sick man's room,
Justioa ¢ myth informed him that he wishe! to
into the Catholic Church without

    
  

n ‘The request surprise! the Bishop
ewhat, as the applicant is usually required
ire himself by a course of instruction
several months. Upon questioning

 

Nustion Sinyt), however, the Bishop found
‘im well preparet, and after the Justice had
mace a profession of faith, Bishop Farle

baptize him and anointe! him with holy oil.
He also ac ministere! the last ritas of the Church
© the Justice na it was thought that he could

  

Mot recover, Justice Smyth's daughter joined
the Catholic Church two years before his oon-
ouiiaaepaienl
OBITUARY.

David Mitchell, who was District Attorney

WOM K. Olcott's chief assistant, died yester-
day of liver trouble at his home, 203 West 102d
treet, after a month's illness. Mr. Mitchell
we the prosecuting attorney in the Gieldsen-

irder trial, which ended in the con-
and execution of Martin Thorne and the
‘to a long term of imprisonment of
plice, Mre. Augusta Nack. Mr.

ee born at Alexandria, Scotland,
ime to this‘country with his parents
{ He was educated in the public
Providence and afterward went
ny, where he took a special
«Frederick William University

ne S New York in 1870 and began the
hracthoe of law with Ullman & Gaceam, For
ten ears he has been associated with

. Peter Mitchell

   

He was a member
othe Andrews Society, the Republican
and many other Republican organiza-

"loos 4 widow y
survive hin, low, five daughters and ,two sons,

John M. Pendleton died

at his residence in rer eee

Franklin avenue, Ne_

   

ee eee

ESF h 6h.  —-

 

Brighton, Staten Island, after ao {lin
month He was born in Boston, Mass, on
Jan, 27, 1*35, and was educated in that city.
He studied civil engineering, and when a
you man moved to New York, where he fol-
lowed his profession for a number of years
and then engaged inthe woollen | business,
Mr. Pendleton was one of the founders of the
New York Electrical Society andwas a member
at the time of his death He was also & member
of the titaten Island Club of St, George and
the Staten Island Chamber of, Commerce,
He was a large property owner on Staten Island
and owned the Hampton House in Boston
and had an orange grove in Florida. A widow
ant two sons survive him

Edward 8, Smith, a well-known manufacturer
of Waterbury, Conn, is dead.

 

of one

AFTER TITE JERSEY CENTRAL,

Ramor That the mw. & O. and the Pennsyl- |

vanta Are Trying to Control It.

BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 18.~A report that the
Baltimore and Ohio and the Pennsylvania are
after the Philadelphia and Reading and New
Jersey Central systems lias been revived. The
report cannot be confirmed at the Baltimore
and Ohlo headquarters, but it receives cre-
dence in circles close to the Baltimore and Ohio
management. President Cowen ts out of the
eity and in his absence the other officials of
the company refer all queries to No. 2 Wall
street, the financial headquarters of the com-
pany. Signs are not lacking that there is
more in the story than Idle talk, It is said
that the trip of Messrs. William Salomon and
Edward R. Bacon to Europe last spring was
for the purposes of arranging the details. Mr.

Balomon is chairman of the board and Mr.
Bacon a director of the Baltimore and Ohio,
They are among the most active spirita in the
direction of the company

Sinoe the Pennsylvania Railroad Compan
secured a large block of the preferred stoo
of the Baltimore ana Ohio Kallroad Company,
oy which it now has representatian in the board
of Directors of the latter company, the two

companies have been working in narmeer |
Oo

It is believed that if the Baltimore and Oh
Rallroau Company secures control of the New
Jersey Central and Philauelphia and Reacing
it will be partly in the interest of the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad Company, as the latter would
have consiuerable to say in the management
of the lines.

it {a said that interests close to the Baltimore
and Ohjo have been quietly acquiring the stook
of the New Jersey Central for several months,
Recently the price of New Jersey Central has
advanced from 128 to about 135. The only
reason assigned for the advance is that the
alleged negotiations are far advanced

 

WRONG UNDERTAKER GOT THE BODY,

 

Made te Give It Up to Another by the Dead
Man's Friend,

William Fox of Troy, N. Y., died in the Har-
lem Hospital last Tuesday after an operation
for appendicitis. When he antered the hos-
pital he gave the name of FE. J. Coleman of
158 East 126th street as that of his nearest
friend. After Fox's death the hospital peo-
ple say that James F. Marron, an undertaker
of beet Ot, ates bear "au thoriead
by Coleman to take charge of the body an
send it back to Troy. © body was given

to him.

Last night Col called at the ital
and declared that \e had not authorized
Marron to take the body, T Colemau
went to Marron’s place and forced him to give
up the body. It was taken to another un-
ertaker, who will send it to Troy.

 

MOTHER AND BABIES STARVING.

Father Long Out of Work and an Eviction
Notice im the Flat.

The two children of Patrick Sweeney, a plas-

terer, Lizzie, 8 years old, and Martha, aged 18

months, were taken from the top floor o' the

 

tenement at 2083 Second avenue yesterday and |
cared for by the children'sscciety, They were |

starving. Their mother was taken to Harlem

Hospital, where a short time after her arrival .

nother member was added to the unfortunate

‘amily. Sweeovey hus been out of work for five
months and has seemed to be unable to find
any. On Friday night he was served with dis-

possess pavers and he then went away
saying that he would not return until he had
foundajob, -‘Thenthe neighbors called in the
police to help the mother and babies.

BEATEN WITH HIS OWN CLUB.

 

The Special Cop in a Harlem Resort Had a
Bad Time Till a Real Policeman Came.

Ten young men got into a rowin Diedrich’'s
Casino, 110th street near Brovdway, last night,
over the price of some drinks and whipped a
waiter. Other waiters rushed to their fellow’s
as<istance, and Special Po'ilceman Martin P.
Adams began to ue his club on th» rioters,

hey took his club away and beat him with ft.

hen
arrived just in time to cate! one of the disturb-
ers, whosaid he was Samuel Stayman of 127
East 100th street. He was locked up,

 

WONT TRY TO OUST MAYOR M'GUIRE.

Attorney-General Davies Declines to Take Up |

the Case Against Him,
ALBANY, Aug. 18.-—-Attorney-General Davies
to-day denied the petition of Francis B. Gill,

of an action to declare the Mayor's office of |

that city forfeited, on the ground that Mayor
James K MoGuire has been interested in busl-
ness transactions of several concerns with
the city since Jan. 1, when the Mayor's pres-
ent term began. The allegations of the peti-
tion were controverted by affidavits of Mayor

McGuire and others. It was asserted that
the Mayor was interested in the Syracuse
Hardware and Iron Company, the Syracuse
Printing and Publishing Company, the Courier
Publishing Company and the insurance firm
of McGuire & Mc cough, ail of which have
dealings with the city of Syracuse.

The Mayor denied that he was interested
in some of the concerns, and asserted that he
had never profited a dollar out of any of their
transactions with the city. The Attorney-
General denies the petition onthe ground that
the petitioner alleged in his brief that he sought
to recover the moneys illegally taken from the
city treasury. If such be the case, says the
Attorney-General, and Gill can establish the
fact of such illegal aking, then the statute
affords en ample remedy, he statute referred
to b
act to reoover moneys illegally paid, and
providing for the prosecution of county, town,
village or municipal corporation cofflcers for
mich illegalactsa. Mayor Me(iuire isa Democrat
and chairman of the Fxecutive Committee of
the State Committee.

 

SPEAKERS’ CLUB DINNER.

Held at Rockaway Beach--No Revolt Against
Matthew F. Donohue,

The Speakers’ Club, a Democratic organiza-
tion of the Twenty-first ‘Assembly district,
gave a dinner last night at the Undine Club
fiouse, Rockaway Beach. All of the captains
of the election districts were present. Clifford

‘ayne flartridge presided. He made a speech
ant oe did John F. Crosby, Frank leonard,
Fdward Flynn, Charles Baldwin and Thomas
McCabe.

ition to head a revolt t
take Riatthew F. Donohue of the district, to
be headed by James L. Conway, was discussed
and it was finally decided that there is to be no

revolt. —

Will Chip tn With the Chicago Piatform Chaps,

The State Committee of the Chicago Plat-
form Democracy met last evening and decided
to establish an independent Democratic as-

 

they ran. Bicycle Polloeman Kennison |

sociation in this city to work for Bryan and |

Stevenson during the coming campaign. The
new organization will work in harmony with
the Chicago Platform Democracy. These of-

apa were elected: President, Samucl Sea-
coor’ Vice-Presidents, George W. Thornpson
of Manhattan, Kobert Stewart of Kings, Jared
Barhite of Queens, J.J. McMillan of The Bronx,
Julius Muller of Richmond; Secretaries, Martin
Dannmever of Manhattan, H.C. 8, Stimpson
of Manhattan; Treasurer, Henry 8. Goulden

<ings.

OOP ae sociation
ship of 300, It will hold mass meetings at
Cooper Union and the Academy of Muate.
Already ex-Gov. Altgeld of Illinols, George
Fred Williams of Massachusetts, Congress-
man John Jaw Lentz of Ohio and Charles A,
Towne of Minnesota have promised to make

speeches ee
Gen. J. S. Carr Wants to Succeed Senator
Marion Butler,

CHarnvoTTs, N. C., Aug. 18.—At the close of
his speech to the Confederate Veterans at
Wilesboro Gen, Jullan 3S. Carr of Durham,

bly
reel to-day that lie was a e:ndidate jor

eatin the United States Sennte now held
by Marion Butler, and that he would like the
support of his hearers, This ls the General's
first announcement of his candidacy,

Remember This-
When an ndvertiser bas something of

i
Ispose of, he firs {goes to Tae Sun's
wyeedsc? columns with iL Ada,

| the

 

| to interest Mr. Mciaughlio int

| pende t work in his be

or TP ATH cmererelibe te LET LETT TT Ne

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

M’GUIRE NOT BI) TO COME,

M’LAUGHLIN SAID TO BR NOT FEEL-
ING. JUST RIGHT FOR A VISIT,

 

The Syracuse Mayor Eager to Visit the Boss
of Kings and Convince Him of the Pro-
priety of Coming to the Support of David
B. Hill—Hopes of the Mill-Coler Men.

The Hon. James K. McGuire, Mayor of Syra-
cuse, chairinan of the Democratic State Exeo-
tive Committee, who was defeated on Thursday
at the meeting of the State Committee by the

Croker-Murphy-Shevlin combina, when he was

put forward as the Hill-Sheehan candidate for

temporary chairman of the State Convention,
came down to this city yesterday, It was
said that Mayor MoeGuire, as the per-
sonal representative of ex-Senator David

Bennett Hill, the head and front of the Anti-

Croker forces among the Democrats in Now

York State, had intended to go down to James-

port, L. 1, for the purpose of calling on the

Hon, Hugh McLaughlin, leader of the Kings

County Democratic machine, and enlisting him

on the Hill side of the factional fight in the State

organization, Mr. Hill and Mr. McLaughlin
are old-time political allies and friends,
and it has only been since the oon-

solidation of Biooklyn with New York that Mr.
McLaughlin has acted with the Hon Richard
Croker, chieftain of Tammany Hall, tn his
effort to drive the Albany statesman out of
the Democratio party. Mr. filll’s friends say
that the ex-Senator believes that !f his side
of the Democratic row could be placed before
Mr. MoLaughiin in ita proper light, the Kings

es

M'LAUGHLIN AGAINST COLER?

Said That He Will Not Aid the Comptroller te
Get Nomination for Governor,

Although Hugh McLaughlin has preserved
even more than his accustomed reticence in
regard to the perplexing political situation
resulting from the stormy candidacy of Comp.
troller Bird 8. Coler for the gubernatorial nomi-
nation, the few close friends, who have been ad-
mitted to his confidence in hissummer retirement
on the shores of Peconic Bay are fully convinced
that his eympathies are not with Mr. Coler in
his present attitude and that he has no intention
to ald bim in his present fight. It can be said
with absolute positiveness that the recent action
of James Shevlin, Senator Po WH. MeCurren
und wl the other Kings county men in votin
with Richard Croker against ex-Senator Hi
at the mecting of the State Committee at Saru-
togu Was directly poups ed out at a preliminary
covference with Mr. McLaughlin at Jamesport,
L. 1, It ts said that ut this, a8 well ws ut other
conferences, Mr. McLaughlin expressed him-
self in severe reprobation of some of Mr,
Coler's political methods and gave his chief
lieutenants, Shevlin, McCarren and MeCarty,
explicit instructions to take sides with Mr.
Croker in the bitter personal controversy.
The threat of the Hill-Coler combination to
put up a fight against the Willoughby street

managers at the coming primaries has
not apparently ularmed Mr. Melavughlin
and his lieutenants. So far Bridge Com-
missioner Jolin L, Shea ,and Police Com-

| missioner Bernard J. York are the only prom-

|

\

'

 

|

oounty leader would forsake his new allies

and return to the alliance with the up-State
Democrats, and it was to have been Mr Mo-
Guire’s work to convince Mr. Mclaughlin
that Mr. Ailll was tn the right

It was said at the Hoffman House that Mr.
MoGuire received a telegram from Jamesport
advising him that Mr. MeLaughiin was not
feeling quite as he should, and that it would be
better to postpone the trip. It was said at
the Hoffman House that Mr. McGuire did not
go to Jamesport, but returned to Syracuse; and
it was sald that he would oall on Mr. McLaughiio
some day next week, have a talk with him,
and arrange for an _ interview be-
tween Mr. McLaughlin and er-Senator Hill.
Senator Patrick Henry McCarren, who belongs
to the Croker wing of the Brooklyn Democracy,
will also be on hand at Jamesport. Mr. Hill
wants Mr. Mclaughlin to come out for Coler
in opposition to Tammany Hall, and this
is the subject which will be discussed when
they meet. It was declared at the Hoffman

House, however, that there Pe. little likelihood
of Mr. Hill's convincing Mr. McLaughlin that

it would be a good thing for the Kings county
organization to fight ear ial, t
was added, too, that the Coler boom was a

very R or lever to use in prying the Brookiya
and Manhattan Democracies apart, for the
reason, it was said, that the boas of the Kings
county Democrats is not a great adinirer of
Comptroller. Coler, but Mr. Hill ts going to
make the offer.

Mr. Me’ juire, before he went away yesterday,
was asked what his opinion of the row. between
Mr. Croker and Mr. Hill was. He replied that
he thought it was really a very good thing be
cause it would wake the party up

“A factional fight is always @ hopeful sign,”
said Mr. MoGuire; “it ts a good thing for the
party Notwithstanding the bitterness now,
you will find that we will poll a larger vote than
we polled in years when complete harmony

revailed. Harmony spells apathy, and apath
sto be dreaded. When party factiona fight, {t
means that there ls something to fight for, and
when the fight against the common enemy
comes you will find that the factions will be to-
gether.”

Then Mr. MeGutre went on to say that in
1878 the Democratio party in the State was
hopelessly apis, but that Samuel J. Tilden was
nominated for President, carried New York
and was elected. In 1890 the party was har-
montous and the State went Republican and
Garfield was elected. In 188 Tammany was
out with the knife against the candidacy of
of Cleveland, yet Cleveland carried
State and was elected. In 1K8&
there was harmony again, and Harrison carried
the State and was elected, and tn 1892, when
there was the biggest factional fight that tho

arty had seen in a quarter of e century, the
Yemocratic candidate again was sucoessful
in State and nation; while in 1896, with no split
in the party, the Democrats were beaten. Mr
McGultre recalled all these things and then
said that all Democrats shou) be
encouraged by the row which was disrupting
the ty now and should regard it as an indi-
eation that the party will be suoceasful this
fall. It was suggested that the celebrated
“Harmony” Executive Committee, of which
Mr. MeGiuire is chairman, which tneludes in
ita membership all the Democrats In the State
who are ready to cut each other's throats,
were selected because of Mr. McGutre's belief
that “harmony spells apathy.”

While Mr. MoGuire ts fooklng around tying

6 dot of ex-

Senator Hill, Comptroller Coler's friends in
Brooklyn are be inning to put fa some inde-
ialf. They believe that

y going into the primaries with = straight

Coler tickets in opposition to the machine
tickets they wil be able to capture
enough delegates to make an. appre-
ciable hole in the delegation, and to ald mate-
nally in strengthening the Hill support for
Coler which will come from up the State. Mr.

| Coler’ S in Brooklyn aay
an attorney of Syracuse, for the beginning | (0's friends in Brooklyn say that to begin

 

the Attorney-General is the Taxpayers’ |

); men

with he can get nine of the sixty-three dele-
ates from Kings county sure, and that there isan
s anexcellent prospect of obtainting six
more, 80 that nearly one-quarter of the Kings
county strength would be cast against Croker
in case the Willoughby street leadera should
decide to act with the Tammany chieftain in
opposition to ex-Senator F

The Hill-Coler people expect to t their
votes from Senator Coffey, who is in insurreo-
tion against Mr. McLaughlin.and who will have
three votes from his Asseinbly district, Warden
Patrick Hayes of the Kings County
Penitentiary ia with Mr, Coffey and
he will contribute three = votes, He
has heen fighting the McLaughlin
machine for twelve vears and has never been
defeated. The Comptroller will get three votes
from his own Assembly district and three
more are expected to come from lake D.
Stapleton That would make twelvo, and
the friends of ex-Police Justice Quigley belleve
that he is going to carry his digtrict against
the machine, Ifhe does his delegates will
be for Coler, thus giving him fifteen

It is necessary to have 226 celegutes to con-
trol the convention. Mr. Coler's friends have
figured out that Mr. Croker will get 105 in New
York county, nine from Senator Murphy in
Rensselaer, nine in Queens, three in Richmond,
and six in Westchester. They also allow him
twelve from Erie, but as the Erie committea-
showei at the meeting of the
State Committee that they were not
bossed by National Committeeman Norman F.
Mack, who is Mr. Croker's lieutenant in that
county, it is possible that some of these might
go astray ut allowing all these votea to
Mr. Croker, it only gives him 207, if Kings
county ia reckoned as solid with its alxty-three
delegates for him. Mr. Coler's frienda hope
to get fifteen from Kings, reducing the Croker
strength to 192, and six from Frie county, re-
ducing it to 186. Mr. Coler's friends are very
hopeful of being able to do up Mr. Croker,

Mr. Coler expects to have several callers at
hia summer home in Liberty, Sullivan county,
to-day, and he will talk the situation over with
them carefully. Another Ramapo document
is going to be issued pretty soon, which will
boom Comptroller Coler and any that the Tam-
many men who wanted to put through the con-
tract between the company and the city were
very bad persons

 

NEW SPOKESMAN FOR CROKER.

Alleged Reason for George Raines'’s Return to
Active Politics,

Rocnestrr, Aug. 18. Ex-Senator George
Raines is to engage actively in Democratic pol-
{ties once more after being out for half a dozen
years. Tle expects to go to the State conven-

| tien and it is said that he Is to be the spokesman

} convention

started out with a member- |

| han

the wealthiest man in North Carolina, |

for the Croker forces. There is @ hard fight on
in the Twel.th Ward against Mr. Raines, The
Hill men are bound that he shall not go to the

There is_to be a big ratification
at Fitzhugh Hall next Frigey night. The Vain-
many men seem to have this meeting well in
The speakers will be Senator Thomas
F. Grady, Herbert 8. Bissell of Buffalo and
Georke faines,

 

D. Cady Herrick on His Own Boom,

ALPANY, Aug. 18. -Jdustice D. Cady Herrick
returne!) to Albany from Centre Moriches,
1. 1, this morning. Kelative to the published
statement this morning that Mr. Croker might
favor him as a candidate for Governor, he said:

“I know absolutely nothing about it, except
what I have seen in the pevqrapere. I have
not peen or communicated with Mr. Croker in,
I think, eight years or more. 1 know of no
especial reason why either Mr. Croker or Mr.
Hill should favor me as a candidate.”

 

Anti-Quay Candidates Nominated,

Harrissvno, Pa, Aug. 18.--Intense interest
was jeit to-night In the primary electiona in

|

$$$

Perry, Mifflin and Adams counties. Senator Will- ;

jamHertz er has been defeated for renomination,

Perry giving ita vote t» James W. McKee and

Mifflin goingn for Gruber ti Bell. The anti-

Quay issue was responsible for Hertzler’s de-

ne. 7. eens tonight pomenated ont,
uay candidates fo; © Legislature,

in Perry and Reed ingMiMin.

inent men in the organization who huve come
out openly for Coler, but neither of them, it
is believed, would muke a fight for him at the
ee against the wishes of Mr. McLaugh-
in. Jt is true that Senator Michael J. Coffey,
Warden Patrick Huyea und Assistant Corpor-
ution Counsel Luke D. Stapleton propose to
test their strength in their respective Assembly
districta against Willoughby street, ut the
primaries, but even should each of then win
which is far from likely, it {s not certain that
their nine delegates to the State Convention
would combine with the TFiill forees. Both
Coffey and Hayes huve long beon regarded as
unfriendly to the ex-Senator, After discussing
the probabilities of a Coler and ant!-Coler fight
all along the line at the primaries in Kings
county, one of the Democratic muanugers said
last night that the Comptroller could not pos-
sibly elect more than six out of the sixty-threa
delegates.

BACKERS FOR COLER.
The Framohise Tax Leaguer to Work for His
Nomination for Governor,

The Franchisee Tax and Muatcipal Owner-
ship League pledged itaelf last night at a meet-
ng in the Sturtevant House to work for the
nomination of Comptroller Bird &. Color for
Governor. The league is an offshoot of the
old Progressive Democratio League of the
Twenty-firat Assembly district. Delegates from
all of the boroughs in the city to the number
of twenty-five were present last night and a
central body was organized, It was proposed
to organize branch | en at once in all the
Assembly districts, Five delegates from each
Assembly district will attend a meeting at the
Sturtevant House on the 28th inst. to devise
means to bring about the nomination of Comp-
troller Coler.

Charles erick Ada was ohairman of
the meeting last night and FE. 8. Egerton was
pocrey: Others present were former State

nators Bord and Bixby, ex-Assemblymen
Wrightand ker, Henry A.Gouldenand Henry
Nichols. A letter was received froin (, Au-
gustus Haviland of Brooklyn saying that he
was in eympatny with the objects for which
the league was formed, whichareset forth tn
the following prospectus:

“The Franc Tax and Municipal Owner-
ship League \# organized to secure a perfected

chise ‘lax law, to put publio utilities under
control of People through municipal owner-
abe. and to defeat the tniquitous Ramapo
water scheme.”

 

 

BEVERIDGE'S CAMPAIGN TALKS.

The Senater Will Meet the ‘' Paramount lesuce
of Imperialism.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 18.—United Btates Sena-
tor Beveridge is said to have informed the cam-
palgn managers in this State that he would de-
vote most of his speeches to the issue of im-
pertalism, whioh the Democrats have declared
to be the paramount issue, and thathe does
not think the party can afford to treut it as
unimrortant. The statement from him was
broug!.t out, it is said, by a disposition on the
partof the managers to belittle the issue and
make the fight against the Democrats on free
Silver and the wonderful prosperity of the
McKinley Administration.

Mr. Beveridge was found to differ loally
from the managers on the subject, and declared
that these questions are the fesue about which
the people are thinking most, and it 1« imposal-
ble for party managers tochangeit. It {s said
that the Senator asked EF. Burritt Smith to put
his name on_the mailing list of the
American Anti-Imperialist League and send
him copies of. all the doouments that
the league issued. candidly saying, however,
that he wished to be informed upon the subject
simply that he might answer pe ant!-{mperial-
{stio arguments more effectively. It is raid
that Leveridge's speeches will all deal with
imperialism to the exclusion of nearly every-
thing else.

GERMANS WILL STAND BY M'KINLEY.

 

 

Congressman Wachter of Maryland on Welling-
ton’s Threat to Tarn Aside the Germans,

BatztMonm, Aug. 18.—Congressman Frank
C. Wachte of the Third Maryland district, who
is a German, paid his respects to Senator Wel-
lington to-day. He seld:

“Wellington's threat to turn the German-
American Republican vote from President
McKinley ts a case of a mouse trying to move
a mountain. Wellington ought to know that
the Germans cannot be soared by ghosts called
militarism or impertalism. They look at
material things, and they will vote for the
Administration under whose rule they havo
geen making money for the last four years,

Vellington, I think, {s an object of sympathy,
the pitiful example of a man gone wrong. 4H
rancor is not caused by any sentiment of fear
that Imperialism is in eight, but simply be
cause his head is still sore because Gov, Lowndes
declined to let him handle the finances of the
State Central Committee

“Nothing that Wellington could do or say
would affect 1 per cent of the German vote,
and what I say will be proved next fal], when
the German-Americans cast their ballots ”

It is sald that Wellington may speak here
under anti-imperialist league auspices some
time in October

 

TO REPLY TO GEN, PALMER.

 

Gov. Roosevelt Is Now Busy on the Letter
~Goes Fishing and Has Good Luck.

Orsten Bay, L. I, Aug. 18 —Gov. Roosevelt
had great luck In fishing to-day. Accompanied
by his son Teddy he sailed about 1 o'clock
this afternoon and was back by 6 with two
fine baskets of fish.

Just at present the Governor fs busy on his
Western speeches. Anotner matter that occu-
pies his atiention is a reply he is getting in
shape to Gen. Palmer, who criticised the Gov-
ernor’s St. Paul 6 h. In his answer the
Governor thoroughly reviews the points under
debate and it is probable that he will have it
ready by to-morrow. During the day the
Governor received a telegram from his mil-
itary secretary, John Curtis Treadwell, who
grrives at Quarantine on his way home from
Lurope.

PACIFIC SLOPE FOR M'KINLBY.

 

 

Speaker Henderson Says Anti-Expanston Wont
Geo Oat There.

Cuicaao, Aug. 18.—Speaker Aenderson of
the national House of Representatives visited
Republican national headquarters to-day,
bringing with him the most gorgeous political
rainbow of the campaign, Speaker fenderson
is just back from a tip to the Pacific Coast,

“California will go Republicangiby at least
90,000," he told Secretary Heath, “and the whole
coast is absolutely safe. That part of the
country is just as certain to give Republican
majorities as Statea which have always been
in the Republican column. All the coast States
are forexpansion. Their trade with the Orient
has increased so much that the anti-imperial-
ists will make no headway there.”

Republican German-Americans to Organize tn
Kings.

A thorough organization of the German-
American Kepublican voters in Brooklyn {sto
be effected in this campaign in oach of the Con-
gress districts, The work will be under the
special direction of Dr. W. John Schildge, a
member of the Advisory Committee. r.
Schildge will open headquarters directly after
the State Convention, anda German McKinley
and Roosevelt league, similar to the one
recently started In Manhattan under the Pres{-
dency of Arthur von Driesen, will be formed.

Chief Justice Snodgrass to Resome the Prao-
tlee of Law.

NASHVILLE, Aug. 18.—Chief Justice David L.

Snodgrass of the Supreme Court to-day an-

nounoed that he would not be a candidate for

reélection. He will resume the practice of law
in Chatiapoogs, | cueee Snoderpas secently
wv rew from race for the t States
Sena torship.

siete ec See ARER aaa iaetesass

AUGUST 19, 1900. ‘

OLD MURDER CLEARED UP.

AN ALLEGED SOLUTION OF NEW HAMPs |
SHIRE'S PARKER MYSTERY. |

 

Gailty Mau Was Hanged for Another Marder
—Wan Defended on That Occasion by
Franklin Pierce and Benjamin F. Batier

Mr. Ames's Revelations on » Famous Case,

Mascuester, N. H., Aug. 18.- The
publishes to-night what purporta to be a solu-
tion of the “Parker murder mystery,” a tragedy
that has been known by that name throughout
New Hampshire since its occurrence over balfa
century ago, Jonas L. Parker was Tax Col-
lector of Manchester, and in the spring of 1843
he was murdered and robbed of $7,000) after
being enticed from his home, His throat was
out and he waa otherwise wounded, An open
razor and a shoe knife ground to a point were
found beside him. His struggle, judging by
the Imprints in the snow, was with one person,
but there were carriage tracks leading from 4
spot near the acene of the tragedy indicating
that the murderer was driven away by an ac-
complice,

The entire State was aroused and Manches-
ter offered a reward of $1,500 for evidence that
would convict the murderer and the State of
New Hampshire duplicated the reward, Three
Wentworth brothers, hotel keepers, having a

house at Saco, Me., were arrested for the crime
and thelr trial was one of the most memorable
{n the State courts. Franklin Pierce, atter-
ward President of the United States, and Gen-
Benjamin F. Butler, detended the prisoners
and they were acquitted. Some years uafter-

Mirror

 

ward, jn April, 1849, a woman — and
two children were found murdered
at Wilmington, Mass, and beside their

deud bodies were found a shoe knife ground to
a point and an open razor. The fact that these
weapons used were like those at the Parker
murder caused Gen. Butler, who was retained
ws counsel by Daniel Pierson, charged with
being the perpetrator of the Wilmington crime,
to usk his client after he was sentenced to be
hanged as to the Parker murder, Pierson
admitted that he did it, and that he was accom
panied by a man who drove hirn away tn « care
riage to Wilmington, and that the man de-
sired to huve Parker kijled out of revenge for
having refused to turn over to him a eum of
money which he had placed with him in trust.
The Mirror’a {informant for this information
{a Nathaniel P. Ames of Medford, Mass., 67
years old, who was @ boy in Manchester at
the time of the murder. Mr. Ames further
says that elgiteen months after the murder
Pierson came to Manchester, put up at his
father's house on the Stark corporation and
the next morning Induced him to take him to
the scena of “where they killed Parker.” Mr.
Ames says the man was jovial until he reached
the scene and that his appearance then under-
went a complete change. Plerson gave him
25 cents to leave him. His description then
tallled with the description afterward given
of the Wilmington murderer who was hanged.

TRANSIT CHANGES IN MANHATTAN.
soeemeneemibeiae
New Metropolitan Routes-—Quaicker Time on
the Third Avenue Elevated Road.

President Vreeland and the other offictals of
the Metropolitan Street Railway Company have
decided upon two important changes in the
routes of the Broadway and Columbus avenue
lines. It is planned to make a connection at
Long Acre Square between the Broadway tracks
and those of the Forty-second atreet line, 80 as
to do away with the turn Into Fifty-third street
from Seventh avenue for the cars of the Colum-
bus avenue line, It is also planned to connect
the tracks of the Droadway line at Seventh
avenue and Fifty-ninth etreet with the tracks
in. Fifty-ninth street, and,as eoon as the change
of power from cable to electricity is made in

proeawey. to run the Broadway cars to Fort
Ae forre at the foot of West 180th street,
a

 

 

ird Avenue and Metropoliten sys-
tems are now being connected at Sherman
Square, and at 125th street, the Amsterdam
avenue line and the Forty-second street line
are being connected, and within a few weeks
the Amsterdam avenue line will be extended
to the Fort Lee ferry.

The Sixth and Amsterdam and Fighth avenue
ears that now stop at Broadway and Canal
street are soon to run along Canal street to
Centre street, and thence to the Brooklyn
Bridge, The southern terminal of these lines
will be extended next spring from Battery

lave to the South Ferry. e tracks of the

cond, Fourth and Madison avenue lines at

Astor place are to be connected with the Broad-
way tracks as soon aa the cable is removed
from Broadway, and these cars will then be
run to the South Ferry.

It ie possible that a new line of cars hetween
the Grand Central station and the shopping
district may be established, by way of Tax-
ington avenue and Twenty-third street.

The Manhattan Elevated Railway Company
will be able to reduce the running time of the
Tremont express trains between City Aall
and the Aarlem River by six minutes within
a few weeks. The station at Ninety-ninth
etreet and Third avenue, which {ts located be-
tween the two traoks, is being removed to the
outer sides of them to permit of an unob-
structed third track from the Harlem River
to Fifty-ninth street.

 

FRIGHTENED BY AN AUTOMOBILE.

A Horse Ran at Sight of William Rockefeller's
Machine, but Did No Damage.

White Priains, N. Y., Aug. 18,—Willfam
Rockefeller's two-seated automobile caused
a runaway on Railroad avenue tn this village

this morning.

Mr. Rockefeller and three friends came over
in his automobile from Tarrytown on his way
to Greenwich. On_Rallroad avenuestood a
trap {in which were Miss Grace Blake, daughter
of Prof. Robert Bluke of Kenaico, and ber five-
yeur-old niece, Miss Blake's horse was fright-
ened and ran up Railroud avenue = Arthur
Foster, who is engaged to be murried to Miss
Blake, was wuilking on the avenue and he
grabbed the horse by the bit. He was drugged
off his feet, but be clung on. Mr. Rockefeller
euw the funawey horse und turned his auto-
mobile into a side street feuring a collision,
which he knew would produce serious results.
Foster wus drugged three blocks before the
horse was under control. He received u few
brulses.

NO MONEY FOR TEACHERS.

 

President of the Newark Board of Education
Failed to Sign the Warrants.

President Charles F. Hill of the Newark Board
of Education sent word home on Friday night
the* he was detained upon an {sland off Free-
port, L. I, and could not get back to Newark

yesterday.

“There will bea fuss,” sald Secretary Arguo
when he received the message, and there wasa
fuss yesterday when the teachers of the sum-
mer schools came for thelr salaries according to
not fleation and found that the warrants were
prtheut the signature of the President of the
oard,

Nearly all of the young women had arranged
to go away somewhere over Sunday at least,
and some had planned longer trips, but they
were all told that they could not get any money
until Mr. Hill signed the warrants,

Experts to Fxamine the Stradivartas,

Two violin experts and a brother-in-law of
Prof. Ivan Joseph Bott, the owner of the Strudi-
varius violin which was stolenin March, 1895,
and which the police belleve they have re-
covered, will go to Pollos Headquarters to-
morrow to decide whether or not the violin
which Central Office detectives discovered na
Brooklyn shop on Friday night fa the one which
was stolen from Prof, Bott. Capt Me Closky
eentfor Mra. Rott and the two experts yester-
day, but on finding that Mrs. Rott wasin
Furopeand that her brother knew as much
about the violln as she did and could be on
hand Monday, he postponed the investigation
until to-morrow

 

 

Killed by a Train Making a Flying Switch,

Wrveartep, Conn., Aug. 18.--Patrick Fitzger-
ald, aged 70, one of Canan's oldest citizens, was
struck and killed instantly af that place this af-
ternoon by a passenger train on the Pough-
keepsie Bridgeroute ‘lhe train was making a
flying switcliand Fitzgerald, after waiting for
the train to pass, stepned back on the track and
was hit by the flying part

 

Town Houses

Decorated And

Furnished in those rich, harmonizing
effects that are only possible when
the work is planned and executed un-
der one management. We have the
organization, the facilities for doing
precisely this sort of work,

Antique Furniture—many fine examples.

Modern Furniture —in stock or to order,

Schmitt Brothers, |

Two j Cor. 25th St. & 4th Ave.
Stores 40 East 23d St.

Two
Stores

 

JOSEPH RABINER DIBS.

 

The Consumptive Who Shot His Father and
Brother-in-Law at Rockaway Beach.
Joseph Rabiner, who shot two members of
his family at Rockaway Beach Aug. 8, died in
St. John's Hospital ta Long Island C.ty early
yesterday morning, His death was partly due
to a self-inflicted gunshot wound and coneump-
tlon. Rabiner was 34 years old and Jived at 40

Faat Third street, this city,

Jacob Rabiner, father of the murderer and
one of his vietima, is still in St, John's Hoarttal,
but the wound in his right shoulder is healing
rapidly and he will soon be able to goto his
home at 317 Kast Soventy-ninth «treet, thir city,
The shooting was caused by the father’s refusal
foinerense an allowance of $6 4 week he had
been giving his son to live upon, the disease the
young man was suffering from preventing self-
support

‘Lhe son went to Rockaway Boach on Aug
®, where his father and motherand his brother-
in-law, Issac Biein, of 850 Bast Sventy-seventh
atreet and family were apending the summer
The object of his visit was to demand more
money, and that he Intended to enforce his do-
mand ‘waa shown by his going armed, fle
walked from tne Holland House with his father
andStein, and they had gone about two hun-
dred feet when the son sto: ped and demanded
to know If his father intended to raise the
amount of the allowance. The father said no,
and the aon drew the revolver and fired. The
bullet struck Mr. Rabiner in the right shoulder,
Stein stepped forward and was shot through the
brain, falling dead. Rabiner then shot himself
in the left shoulder and fell into the roadway,
The ahooting was witnessed by Mrs. Rabiner
and Mrs, Stein, and both fainted away.

A few dava ago the son tried to secure his
father's forgiveness for the orime before he
died, He wrotea note and an orderly carried
it to the father's cot in another ward, but it
was returned by the parent, and a second at-
ternpt met with like failure.

 

OBJECTED TO A JEWASS.

Miss Jacobi’s Appointment Was Reconsidered
and Now She Sues for 625,000,

Couvewnra, 8. C, Aug. 18 Miss Gertrude
F. Jacobi, a young Jewesa, has begun sult
against Dr F. C. Covington, V. M. Hanner
and John L. Berrenger, all well-known citizens
of Florence, for $25,000 damages for conspiracy
to hinder or prevent a citizen's free enjoyment
of rights guaranteed under the Federal and
State Constitutions. The charge is that Miss

acobl has been deprived of her civil hte
necause of her race. The penalty for this,
under South Carolina criminal statutes, is a

fine of from $100 to $2,000 or imprisonmen
rom alx months to three years or both, an
neligibility to hold office of honor or trust

forever after.

A few days ago, at the meeting of the Com-
missioners of the city schools, {ss Jacobi
was clected teacher over many other applicants
to fill un existing vacancy, Dr. Covington
was absent fromm the meeting, He obtained #
apecial meeting of the bo yesterday und
with the other defendants named fo u
majority and rescinded the election of Miss
Jacobdt, objection being made to her race and
religion, Two other members of the bourd,
both gentiles, und one a prominent lawyer,
vigorously protested, but were outvoted. he
action for damages |e prougee u guinst the de-
fendunts us individuals and not in their official
capacities, They are men of means,

NOT A VERY BAD JOHNNY,
Bat He's Gone to the Protectory, Where He'll
Porhaps Get Into the Band.

Agenta Barc'ay and Kuhn of the Gerry
society reported yesterday to Magistrate Cor-
nellin the West Side police court that ten-
year-old Johnny Corbett of 220 West Sixty-firet
street, whom his sister May bad taken to court
the day before with a request that he be oom-
mitted tothe Catholic Protectory, wasn'tso bad,
but his mother, who isaparalytio, couldn't
take care of him. There wasn't much to eatin
the house, either, they said,

Magi-trate Cornell sald he would gladly send
Johnny to the Cathollo Protectory, where he
would havea good home, learna trade, play
baseball and, perhaps, become a member of
the in-titution’s brass band, Furthermore, he
summoned Stenographer Cole and dictated a
letter to the Charity Organization Society, ask-
ine that some action might be taken to help the

amily.

Fleven-year-old May with the sunny smile
kissed Johnny good-by and when al! the polloe-
inen in the court had said good-by to her, too,
marched out like the littie woman she Is,
Johnny didn't shed a singe tear.

 

NEGRO EXODUS COSTLY.

Farmers in the Hill District of Mississippi
Can't Get Labor Enough.

Naw On.eans, La., Aug. 18.—Planters from
the hill district of Miss asippi report that the
crops are suffering there from the scarcity of
farm labor, in consequenes of an exodus of the
negroes into the lowlands of the Yazoo Delta,
where they believe they can do _ better.

n one <aistrict of Carroll oounty, 600
negroes hive left for the Yazoo country
and many flelds of cotton have had to be
abandoned because the planters have no labor
to cultivate them. There isa aimilar exodus
from Atala county. On one plantation in that
county every negro hand has left for the bot-
toms. Asimilar movement occurred {n Missis-
sippi four years ago, when nearly 50,000 negroes
moved from the lowlands on the Mississi RI
River, and the exodus was cheoked by the h i]
farmers with great diMeulty.

The population of the Yanoo bottom already
contains «ix negroes to one white, Many hun-
dred acres of cotton will haveto be abandoned
on the hills from lack of labor to cultivate it,

NEWPORT SOCIAL EVENTS,

Fashionable Set Taken Up With Athietio Con-
tests—Dinners and Lancheons,

Newrort, R. I., Aug. 18.—Newport was
quiet to-day socially, the attention of the cot-
tagers being taken in the morning with tennis
and in the afternoon with polo, This after-
noon Miss Pierson gave a children’s party at
her mother’s villaon the avenue, It was quite
an elaborate affair, the children arriving in
decorated pony carts, To-night, Wakehuret;
the villa of Mr. James J. Van Alen waa thescene
of a diuner musicale given in honor of Miss May
Van Alen almaand red roses were used for
the decorations and after the dinner a large
number of the cottagers came in to the musi-
eale. There were several luncheons at the

olf club and so-nians dinners were given by
Miss Anna Leary and Mrs. J. J. Wyeong.

This afternoon the Newport Clam Baka Club
had an outing at their shanty at Raston’s Point,
their guests being the members of the Kat Bote
Klub. During the afternoon a ball game was
played, but the result was not announced,

 

FRECKLED ELOPER SOUGHT HERE.

That's the Police Description of Her—~Took
$200 an Left Children in Obto.

A letter wax rm ceived at Police Headquarters
yesterday from the Chief of Pollce of Youngs-
town, Oblo, asking that search be made here
for Mra. Julia Flannery, who, the letter said,

had &Atolen $200 and eloped from Youngstown
with one louts Frank. Theletter said thatthe
air tad left five children behind them; that
\ire. Flannery was 88 years old and freckled,
and ‘hat Irank was 36 years old and had a
round red face,a@ jump on his left wristanda

short neck,
Dropped Dead While Ont tn a Boat.

BTamPonD, Conn., Aug. 18.—John W. Parker
dropped dead this morning tn a skiff off the

 

shore between Roton Polntand Bell Island. He
went out fishing with two women friends. He
suddenly dropped the oars and died. Mr.

Parker was born in New York city about sixty
vearsago. Whenhe wasa boy, his father re-
movedto Stamford, Mr. Parker enlisted with
several other Stamford men in the famous
Hawkins Zouaves of New York, and served
throughout the War of the Rebellion,

Want a Harbor of Refuge at Pleasant Bay.

Boston, Aug. 18.—-The Harbor and Land
Commissioners are planning to buildga Harbor
of Refuge at Pleasant Ray! near Orleans, on
Cape Cod. Last winter a petition was sent to
Senator Lodge asking that something be done
on this line ‘The Commissioners yesterday
looked overthe country and decided that this
would be about the best place, Congress has
made an appropriation for two Harbors of
Refuge and the idea is to have Pleasant Bay
designated as one of thei.

Swallowed Her False Teeth.

Lono Branecn, N. J., Aug. 18.-—-Mrs. Andrew
Mariner of Belmar swallowed her false teeth
whileeating a peach at her home yesterday.
The plate lodge din her throat and the efforts
of friends and physicians to remove it were
without aval. Mrs, Mariner was brought to the
Monmouth Memorial Hospital at this place to-
day when the teeth were removed from her

| stomach

 

 

Camille D'Arville to Wed ta Californta.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.--Camille D'Arville, the
opera singer, and &. W. Crellin will be married

in this city on Monday, Aug. 27, at the residence
of the bridegroom's brother, Arthur Crellin, on
Jackson street.

 

A Beautiful Woman

realizes that abundant hair
of rich, youthful color al-
ways comp cies her ai sac-
tiveness. ‘Lhe hau may be
golden, black or brown, but
when it becomes gray or
faded there wanappearance
of age, even (hough she may
look aud feel as young us

  

 

     

ever, Under these circum
stances «ris hair isa draw.
back to menandwomen, MAY'S

WAIR- HEALTH
is @ blessing to thousands who now have a fine head
of hair, dust on having tlay's Katreteotth. It
Quickly Clornsts (he s Vip, removes dandruff and stops
fal ng and ty gulthe har ‘One bottle does
(@'' bs the expression of miny who have had their gray
halite restored to youthtal co and their bald spot
covered with hair after using one bottle

May's Hair-tHealth positively restores gray hair to
vouthful beauty ar lor Is not a dye. Iy vpe
he detected 1: vill not etain the seal oF clei

‘ ‘ ‘ hore ration

Ask for Tay's Halr-Health and refose all aob-

ann

Olitutes, HH. is sold by leading druggists
everywhere. Sent by capress, j repaid. tn plain sealed
eeknee, DY PHILO HAY SpeeraALrins Co, 220-248

Afayette SL, Newark, N J. also ate cake Harfiva
Medicated Soap, best soap for tollet, bath, skin and
hair. Allon recelpt of @ 6 and this ad

LARGE 50c, BOTTLES, ATALL DRUGGISTS,

Pimples,
blotches, etc,
are often
caused bysoaps
made (rom an-

A breath of Pine buisam 1M every ......
mal fats which
irritate or

arf

na fon the skio
Martina Soap
contains noth-
ing objection-
able to be dis-
ulsed by
eceptive per-
fume, It pos-

sessae the

A Prodact of Perfect Purity highest anti-

Cures Pimples ‘3.3

ing properties
and is especial-
the complesion. sea) hair and skin

Vy benetess to
t clarifies the

skin and keeps the hair borlectly free from disease
parasites, making the hair fine, solt, luxuriant, and the
ecale Neotthy aid free feom dandruf

250. cakes at leading Grugehope, or 3 cakes, 650
Malled on receipt of orice by PIILO HAY SPRCIAL-
TIRS CO., 220-231 Lafayette St, Newark, N. J.

emsoasne Sf

DEA NOISES CURED

quickly at home by an tmviaible ear-phone, It helps ears at
gissses help eyes. Whispers heard No patn,
Belfadjustiog. Ueed endorsed by physi:

Write to Fo Hiscox, eg: Lafayette St,
Wewark, N. J, for 48-page beok of testimonials

 

WOMEN ROBBED AT NIAGARA.

Jewelry Taken From a Satchel While They
Were Seeing the Sights.

Niagara Faris, Aug. 18.—Mrs. Willis Thorp
of Cincinnati and her mother went sight see-
{n@ yesterday and mingled with the crowds
at the various places of interest. Mra. Thorp
had oonsiderable Jewelry with her, consisting
of diamond earrings, brooches, rings and a

watch. er mother carried them in a all
satchel. hen they returned to thelr Hotel
and opened the satchel their valuables had
been stolen. They reported the matter to Supt.

Welch of the State Reservation, who called In
the polloe, but as yet no trace of the Jewel y has
been discovered. Other losses have en
iypertes, among them a purse containing

 

PLUNDER HIDDEN IN RUBBER BOOTS,
Copper Rivets and Shavings Stolen From the
Charlestown Navy Yard.

Boston, Aug. 18.—Officers at the Charlestown
Navy Yard who have been puzzled for some
time at the mysterious shortage in copper bolts,
rivets and other fastenings, have diacovered
how the thieving was done. Among the out-
aiders having free acoeas to the yard were
several teainsters Fach teamster usually
carried a pair of rubber boots and when not
using thern would tie them together and throw
them over the back of one of his horses when
going home at night. Last night a sentry
tnought he would took into a pair of boots, He
found it fullof copper rivets and shavings of
the hgh priced metal.

BRUNER, JR.,

 

w. M. DROWNED.

 

He Became Exhausted in the Surf at Atiantio
City—Bis Body Recovered.

ATLANTIC CrTy, Aug. 18.—Willlam M. Bruner,
Jr., 18 years old, son of a former official of the
Pennsylvania Rallroad, ilving at 216 North
Twentieth street, Philadelphia, was drowned In
the surf this morning. He swam out quite a
distance from shore and became exhausted.
He acreamed for help, and Dr. J. Willis Hassler
of Philadelphia and others hastened to him, but
Bruner sank before they reached him. His
body was recovered. He was a student at Bt,
Joseph's College, Philadelphia, aud was here
with his jarents at 22 South Connectiout
avenue,

Talk About a National League Club at Detrott.

Detrort, Aug. 18—It was learned here to-
day that Ted Sullivan, supposedly represent-
ing the National League of Baseball
Clubs, has been in the city some days
looking over the fleld with the idea of ob-
taining suitable looal backing for a Na-
tional League club at Detroit next sea-
son, Charley Bennett, the veteran catcher,
and Sam Thompson have both been von-
ferred with, but neither will state positively
that he is !n the deal, Bennett said that
he was sure there would be a shake-

up in the baseball situation the coming winter
and that if Detroit was not invited to enter
the blg league he looked fora fight between
the American League and the r val organisa-
tion, which Quinn and Anson tried to start last
winter, He stated that himeelf and Thompson
were almost ready to buy the present Detroit
team when {ntimation of this shake-up

 

and he had kept out because of the impending
complication,
President Ban Johnson of the American

league evidently feare sourthtng of

kind as he sent @ personal + mi-sary to
local management last night, whose errand
was to convince Magnate u)

Johnson was a areat admirer of t
and wanted the local management to stand firm
by the American League. he local m:

ment, however, feels, acoording to the eta’
ment of President Burns, thatit has been un-
fairly dealt with by Johnson and would jump
“ American League in a minute if chanoes
onered,

A representative of the Players’ Protective
Association, in the person of Gene Montre-
ville, has been here nearly a week showing the
benefit of the association to the home and vial
ing clubs,

Point Races at Manhasset Bay.

Pont WASHINGTON, Aug. 18-—-Light winds
prevailed this afternoon for the regular point
races of the Manhasset Bay Yacht Clab. The
races were witnessed by a large and most

enthusiastic throng that crowded the olub-
house gnd grounds. The Lew sie, owned by J. A.
Willa, won tn the 21-foot knockabout class.
John R. Hoyt's Scintilla. was second. Air:
Ward's Broncho, which finished firat In the
class for 18-foot knockabouts, was protes as
the Scoot's crew asserted that she fouled
the buoy on fhe run in the second.
leg of the course. The committee did not de.
cide the matter to-night. James W. Alker’s
Sadie wonin the open catboat class and the

 

Florence, W. P. Read, won in the cabin cat-
In the catboat races for the local baymen
the Gazelle won In the first clasaand the Fiatle
eleven

starters respectively.
Nrw ORLEANS, Aug. 18. —Thesteamboat Lynn
J. was burned last night at Fairfield plantation

beat class.

B. in the aecond from flelds of eight and
Miasisaipp! River Steamboat Burned.

above the city. She wasacomplete loss, The

officers and crew had a narrow escapo from
death

 

MARIANI WINE—WORLD FAMOUS TONIC

A restorer of the Vital Forces Vin Marfani
is a perfectly safe and relinbie diffusible tonto
and stimulant: it gives strength and vigor to
body, brain and nerves; (t foriifes against dis-
ease: It nourishes, sustains and refreshes the em
Ure system.

All Druggists.

RIDANS

Refuse Substitutes.

 

| Wanted—a case of bad health that R-1P-A-N-S qill

not beneft One gives relief, No matter what's the
matter, one will dy you good. A cure may result if
directions are followed) They banish pain, induce
sleep, prolong ile Soid at all drug stores, ten for

five cents He sure tw get the genuloe. Don't ba
fooled by substitutes, Ten samples and a od
testiwontals will be mailed to apy address for “

forwarded to the Hipans Chem. Ca, 10 Spruee fe

\