hese eaten erm e Fe A = > “~-

N,° SUNDAY, AUGUST 19,71800.'%
ery i a's aeunaen ade "> aiilleas 1 he famous 6a jere
in the South the sentimental color quea- | a stranger marked off by restrictions. worthy successor of t tlor-sold

tion will give place to an industrial negro | Such a position must be unpleasant, no who have held it, if he keeps on as he has

Rao ee —— 7 7 ~ —_—= =

Til? SU

   
  

    
  

  
  

       

  

1S THERE DANGER OF A “ BOXER"
MOVEMENT IN INDIAt

    

    

 

SOUTH CAROLINA'S CANVASS.
Tillman Quoting Scripture and Preachers De

recent troubles in Pekin, was sincerely

 

 

    

 

 
   
 

desirous of protecting the foreigners, and — ing Him tn Thetr Pulpits.
it Is posalble that his sentiments are shared question of far greater gravity. matter how much kindness of treatment | be#un —— —_———- Gir William Wedderburn Repadiotse te Sow ar - ‘ wr rw - ag
by other members of the Manchu Imperial The labor of the North is chiefly of foreign there may be, “It is not the work,” writes | {he death was announced recently of ZEnu- foe ye a Ryd . seetens aWising. | has a ae Sule’ vniaios ee 2
’ | e > vants | 1, fo . Mee he Ar trode . : eee
——==—— | family. Should it prove, however, that | nationality and largely of foreign birth. In| Mrs. Mason, “that our present ser | ee relay — weoe at To tux Epitoa oy THe SUN--Sir; I ob- The present canvass ls different from all prede

; ' ¥ |
| the States of the old Southern Confederacy object to, @0 much aa the restrictions and cessore and fe belng fought on new lines

 

DALLY, POP MOR +00 54,. scorer errerceresoseors oe to put forward a native Chinese candidate | State of Texas aud two-thirds were in| excess of the supply that it is the employer | about $3,000,000, as has been reported, he must | Indian" expresses the view that the principal onat of arms of South Carolina and stamper

i ates, oe Te 7 oe for the throne | that State and Louisiana, At the same | and not the employed who has to be meek have been one of the wealthiest men south of | safeguard against any such rising bs to be found chemically pure” io the other, he favites the

DAILY AND AUNT abrir is He | Th ; cueation of future guarantees does | time the negro population was more than | and restricted. MAgoN'® and Dixon's line, From ao literary | in the religious antipathies between Hindoos and | people to drink and quotes Seripture to prove

! DAILY AND SI NDA y, yin 10 eg ue ~ ; : ‘ely upon personalities, | #ix millions; and it is an industrial popu- | anemmmenmmemeenent } point of view, Gen. York was famous for hisres | Mohammedans, He polnts to the disturbances | that to use Uquor ts not considered tnmoral

{ ote e hades oon ‘nes “ded ee eee ~ iL Foreign P wers | latic fo ur . ' ' . vl port of his invasion of the Roanoke Valley in | whtoh lu recent years have taken place in cer-| tn the Biblo except ta Habakkuk, which he
Postage to foreign countries added. but upon localities as well orelgn Po | ation, of course. — The Unconvinced Flopper. iss, This report is probably the most remark~ | tain large towns between the followers of the | declares to bo obsolete. Around hiin, the y)

The neonssity of this negro laior ln tis | two creeds, and notes with satisfaciion that the | same “wool-hat boys” of 1800 and 1402 are ap.

SS oe a

UBT 19, 1909,

 

SUNDAY, AUG

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

‘Tue SUN, New York City.

PANIS—Klosque No 12, near Grand Motel, and
Kiosque No 10, Boulevard des Capucines,
—— .
If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to Dave rejected articles returned, they
must in ald cases send stampa for that pur pose.

What This ‘‘Impertalism'’ Is.
Imperigliam has within the last week

been the theme of Democratic speeches
filling many columns of the daily press.

the Emperor Kwano-su and Prince CAING
are dead, and that no other representa-
tive of the Manchu dynasty ts trustworthy,

can searcely bo expected again to risk
the lives of Ministers at Pekin, which, as
experience has memorably shown, is too
remote from the coast to be quickly reached
by a military force, and which, perhaps,
might have been rendered unassailable,
had the Chinese used, with more energy
and promptness, the means of flooding the
; intervening country which they possess,
} Much less would Envoys be sent far into the
| interior to Singanfu in Shensi, the capital
of the Western Han aud of the Tang dynas-
ties, the easily defvuded clty to which the

|

|

there were, all told, only about three hun-
dred thousand of tho foreign-born in 1800,

| it might be necessary for the allied Powers | and one-half of these were {n the single

Southern States {ts obvious, The in-
tenance of their civilization as now vi gan-
ized depends on it, and no change in the
chapacter of the labor is possible except
by slow development. Such a change is
not desired by the South. The prospect
of a general exodus of the negroes from it
would produce alarm and agitation by the
side of which the present excitement over
their political status would seem a mild
effervescence of feeling

That condition Indicates that the existing

| loss of social prestige ”

|

It may be said that in this country the
demand for good servants ts so much In

The Hon. Epwarp M. Surranp of the
borough of Brooklyn (s now reposing upon
the bosom of Bryaniam, which he has de-
nounced bitterly and often; and nothing
troubles him, not even the memory of
speeches against the Peerless, He must

forget as easily as he changes and this |

extract from an anti-Bryan oration of his
delivered in 1896 must appear to him to be
the work of some other man:

“I belleve to the bottom of my heart and to the
depth of my copsctence the very foundations of the
American nation are invulved in this attack made

oMoeer to bia superior.

Maine man, who went South before the war,
| and attained wealth asaplanter, He becamea

General during the war, and proved a brave |

}one, The war ruined him. Jf his losses were

able ever submitted by a Junior commanding
It began thus, being
made “through the channel" to the Assistant
| Adjutant-General of Gen, Gonpon’s division:
“Majos! Lhave the honor to report-that after hav-
{ng participated in the varlous engagements of the
Army of Northern Va. up to the 14th of June &
| also in the successful movement up the * Roanoke
| valley’ my command left ‘Staunton om the 26th.
day of June advancing with Joyful step into the
‘valley District.’ ‘the bope of gashing with
the iron heel of war, the Enemy's sotl, ever Inspires
{ with new alacrity my decimated bul willing com-
mand”

 

 

serve in your journal a correspondence as to
| the possibility of a general rising ngainat for-
olgners io India, similar to the ‘‘Boxer"’ mnove-
ment in China. Your correspondent “Anglo

effectn of these conflicts has been to create @
greater estrangement between the creeds than
ever before existed, Will you allow me briefly
to «tate my reasons for holding that these re-
ligious dissensions are a souree of danger, not
of salety, and that the cause of order and prog-
reas in India will not be promoted by reliance
upon the forces of race hatred and religious
fanaticism?

In the first place, {t ts to be observed that thls
polloy of pitting Mohammedans against Hin-
doos has been repudiated by the Government
of Indiain the most unqualified terms, It is

Sc

Senator Tillman is the central figure. Stant
ing, metaphorically speaking, with a Hil‘,
in one hand and a whiskey bottle bearing thy

plauding his sharp thrusts at the mintoters:
others of his more serious followers are allent,
eUll others have openly turned and are speak.
ing against him, while from a bunadred pulpits
pours a stream of denunciation against bin

The Gubernatorial contest ia the lee » the
question being dispeusary or pro. dition
TUlman {s fighting for the former as more
moral than prohibition, Even the twelve
consecutive days, when the average mayitiuw
temperature was 100 degrees tn the shade,
could not keep the Senavor off the stand, in-
deed, with the continued heat be became hotte:

ve cas | i *
Baran has dilated upon it on seve =o a Etnpress Dowager is reported to have fled. | negro problem in the South is reatly not) upon them tn Chicago, If 1 belteve that, what would | Gon. Yon did better work for the Confed- in the use of language and it is a question
sions. The Hon. Girona 8. BourweLy Evidently, the future capital of the Chinese | go deep-seated and so insoluble as it seems. | Mr. BRYAN say is my duty? T want Br Bryan's | eracy than this report indicates; this fa merely whether the ministers keep pace with the
an i, After the war he returned to Senator's vocabulary. Up to date, however,

became youthful again in the length of

Empire should be placed at some point which

As Governor McCorkie of West Virginia

respect, andif he knew for a moment! held the frel-
ings 1 do in this currency question he would say to

A routine report.
his plantation, and there died. May he, like all

 

 

force with considerable loss of life; and on that

they are doing fairly well and the indications

fress before the At ti-Luperialist s z ros ~ . . . si
his address be ane ae ager could be speedily reached by the forces | has predicted, the time is not far distant me: ‘1019 pour ectemn duty to defeat me, for if 1 ave | other brave men, rest in peace. cccacion the Viceroy, Lord Lansdowne, ex-| are that they will not be outclansed.
League at Indianapolis Geno ; | of foreign Powers, should their Ministers | when the Southern States which disfran~ | 0.04) shai do all [ can, as you think, to lay this fatr poco thaboats a } his abhorence of the sinister polloy Among other things Senator Tillman has ¢
has been done by Congress and the Adminis- | chised the negroes will be as eager to give prease. td) declared in his speeches thut “of all things, 1

tration toward protecung American inter-
ests in the Orient. Various other more
or less distinguished citizens have given
the public their conception of imperialism;
but none of them got to the bottom
of it so unmistakably as Dr. L, W. Hapen-
com of Washingten, whom Mrq@pBouTWweLt
called upon to addreas the anti-lmperlallat
convention last Tuesday

this “new

again be imperilled. The conditions could
be satistied by any city close to the sea-
coast or to the lower reaches of the Yang-
tee-Kiang, and conspicuously by Nankin,
which wag the capital of the Later Sung,
and, for a time, of the Ming, dynasty. A
Chinese ruler, honestly destrous of keeping
his plighted word and of fulfilling the most
sacred obligations of international law,
could not reasonably object to such a change

 

back the sulfrage to them as they are now
to take it from them. As the Mayor of Lex-
ington, in Kentucky, said on Thursday,
“ the possibilities for their development into
govd citizens are much greater than is
generally supposed.” The percentage of
literacy among them will steadily decrease
until it is only about that among the whites,
and the amount of their property and ite

fabric of American government on the ground.’
The Chicago platform which attacks
tho very foundations of the American
nation is a part of the Kansas City platform
which Mr, SHePaRD is supporting meekly.
Mr. Bryan has not altered his views as
to the ourrency question, How, then,
does Mr, SHEPARD come to support him?
Well, some gentlemen believe themselves
to have a gift for a seat on the stage. How

Here is a suggestive shirt-walst letter from
Riverside, Oonneocticut;

“As I write there is a Chinaman standing at his
doorway opposite my offlce smoking his pipe and
watching the shower and looking very cool in his
style jof shirt waist and @ loose pair of blue eotion
trousera”’

The Chinaman has it. If the coat must be
left off, loose the belt, throw it away, let the
ehiyt tail fall without the trousers and theo

which would foment :eligious dissensions, In
an important speec’ at Agra ne indignantly re-
buked those wh» coul.t suspect the Govern-
mentof such a poll y, and said that he could
“find no words rong 6 ough to denounce the
wickedness of th se who aay that the Govern-
ment of India encourages these quarrels.”

It thus appears that the doctrine of Divide et
Impera does not find favor with the responsible
authorities In India. I should be much eur-
prised if it did, for it ls evident that creed and

hate the hypocrite most and lL would not swap
places to-day with any of the preachers for
my chances in the next world.” fle has done
more, be declares, fur the orale of the people
of South Carolina than all the preachers put
together, “The preachers and the old bar.
keepers have foriued an unholy alliance to
break down the dispensary. The reaohers
may be honest, but they are weak in the upper
story. They do not know.”

He acoused sore preachers of distorting
their texts in order to ehow that liquor was
condemned by the Bible; he then quotes Paul's
advice to Timothy to take wing; Solomon, he
declared, gave the same advice; while the in

Dr. Hanencom described of dwellir distributi ill increasing and
hiaa® ° ling place, Gistribution W go on iD & much of Mr. Bryan's respect the persons race hatreds, leading up to eecrat conspiracy f
adventure in China” as “an act of Im-| x4 doubt Russia will object to the | extending. Moreover, a possible political | have who are going to vote for him not and open disorder, are a direct threat aud | Sauce without Teeesor or pustabinsat’ i
g perialism.” | transfer of the Chinese capital from Pekin, | factor of a potentiality so great as the . "4 danger to us as guardians of the paz Britannica. | cited to show that drunkenness was not’
oF of I t because they believe tn Bryanism but be- oited to show that drunkenness was not cop,

spusesneeaes 2

A sudden outbreak of fanaticisin about
and within the government of China placed

| where she would expect to exercise as-
| cendancy as soon as she should have

the American Minister, in company with his completed her Manchurian Railway, and

European colleagues, in danger of assas-
sination. Mr. CoNGER was a virtual prisoner

also acquired possession of the rail-
way from Newchwang to Tientsin, the

at the mercy of the inflamed inhabitants of | bonds of which ghe 1s now purchasing

negro vote will not long be thrown away
in the contests of parties which will be
resumed when the South is restored to a
norma) political condition.

’ Thus, the negro problem is sure to take
on a new shape eventually and to be wholly

cause they are bound to get back into good
standing in the party is another matter,

-The Second City of the World,
The population of the city of New York

THE CHINESE SITUATION,

The accounts of the entry of the allied
troops into Pekin are oonflicting, but it
appears certain that there was some resist-
ance on the part of the Chinese, aa the Japanese

Suppose fora mom ent that we nursed these re-
ligious hatreds anda conflict between Hindoos
and Mohammeda ns became widespread among
the towns and villages, what would our position
be? We could not allow the disorder to con-
tinue, We should be compelled everywhere to

eal! out the military and to shoot dow. ‘m-
‘ly the combatanta on both sides, render-

into wine has been repeatedly referred to as
proof, furnished by the New Testament, of
he Senator's contentions, Ministers of the
Gospel were alliterative in their attacks on his
course, the penator said, and he might re-
taliate by saying some people attributed “Lb, D,”
to stand for “Damned Devils,”

But Senator Tillrnan has not had the monop-
oly of the talking. A hundred sermons and

f Pekin and because the President of the on the London Stock Exchange. It ts | removed as a cause of virulent race agita- | as now enlarged by consolidation was rartia
ere : : ‘ ’ , . be : ‘ commander reports his losses. The essential ¢ 1s a ots as many letters to newepape ight
; United States, the Commander-in-Chief of preposterous, however, to suppose that | tion. With the restoration of free and| returned by the Census Bureau yesterday | point is that the Envoys are now under the Ine pay tno Nl ead oe we ae See OF from. but here are @ lew hamuien, ve quene

+ seme

the Army and Navy, at once deapatched a

| Russia will be permitted to dictate to other

relief force to act in concert with the soldiers | 5. vers in a matter of such vital importance

of other nations, in order to save Mr
Conorr’s life and te begin the process of re-
establishing in full America’s treaty righta,
this anti-imperialist spokesman calls the
President's doings “imperialism” and de-
clares for Bryan! :

Dr. Hasencom’s frank condemnation
of the Administration's campaign in China
was no more than what was required of
an anti-imperialist. Whoever thinks that
putting down rebellion in United States

as the selection of the site for the future
capital of the Middle Kingdom. The United
States, Great Britain and Japan will have,
if they choose to assert themselves, a pre-
ponderant voice upon that question. Per-
haps we ought to reverse the order in which
we have named these countries, for no
fair-minded person will dispute that,
throughout the military operations oul-
minating in the relief of the legations at
Pekin, the Japanese have taken the leading

normal political diyision to the South, its
healthy development in every field will be
accelerated, and there will come in a great
and steady stream of white immigration;
whereas now a notable accession of the
best of Southern ability is ooming to the
North, as 1s manifeat in New York more
especially, where Southern men are more
and more conspicuous in business and the
professions.

It is a narrow, a provincial spirit, a short-
sighted view, whether at the North or at
the South, which makes the mere race and

as 8,487,202. This puts New York second
in rank among the cities of the world, with
London, of course, first.

Exact comparison with the population
of London, however, is not possible, for
its boundartes are various, acoording to
various jurisdictions, The old “City of
London ” with municipal and Parliamentary
limite, has an area of leas than seven hun-
dred acres and its population in 1896 was
only $1,148. “ Registration London,” or the
district within the Registrar-General's tables
of mortality, has an area of nearly seven-

protection of fhe allied army, the Japanese
apparently having led the van, owing to their
auxiliary arrangements having been more
complete than those of the other contingents.
The flight of the court with the Imperial treas-
ures is also vertain. Their escort is composed
of Manchus with the Kansuh troops covering
the flight; and it is no doubt owing to their
withdrawal on that duty that the opposition
to the allies on their arrival before Pekin was
not greater,

The situation created by the success of the
allies and the departure of what may be called
the Government of China beyond thelr control,
will be found complicated enough when the

Our safety Nes in quite a different direction,
It lies in making the people of India contented
peaceful industry and
nd in convincing them
that their wellare ta bound up with the main-
tenance of British rule, Fortunately in follow-
ing thissimple and beneficent polloy we have
as eager altesaciass of ever-increasing num-
bers and influence, the class who have acce; ted
Western edu ation, who have identified them-
selves with our methods, and who desire to give
to our rule the stability and permanence of a
national government.

Your correspondent “Anglo-[ndlan” in his
letter has truly stated that the {ntelligence of
the Indian people has made great progress of
late vears. Binos the Indian universities were
establixhed more than forty years ago several
rown up.

and prosperous by
educational progress,

enerations of educaied men have

hese men form the backbone of out adminis-

The Rev, G. W. Gardner, D.D., editor of
the South Carolina Laptiat, has been a sup.
porter and admirer of Senator Tillman, and
ias kept out of the ficht until this week, when
he attended a meeting and heard the Senator
Speak. tle says: “It was an outrage and we
are ashamed that South Caroiina has euch a
man torepresent her so destitute of reverenca,
so blasphemous. tle is a far worse man
his most ardent enemies have ever bran od
him. Satan quoted Scripture to our Lord,
but we do not believe his satanio mataety is
capable of handling God's word more per
versely or irreverentiy than Senator Tillman.
His advocacy of the liquor traffic and indurse-
ment of the drinking habit are unworthy of
any man and could only emanate frum a man
who was lost to all noble purposes. It is a
pity the young men of our country are per-
mitted to listen to such aman, But we mus

, territory is imperialism and worthy Of! part and have earned preéminent honor, | oolor of the negro a cause of hostility to | ty-five thousand aores and its population in

. ‘ > nex tak discussed | tration, aud ve proved their intellectual | not be severe. We pity this man. May G
reprobation, the anti-Philippine view, must | 1¢ would be shameful to deny to them @| him and discrimination against him. 1806 was 4,411,710. The “ Metropolitan and ante ~ =. bene The | pomer by sending senior wrangler to Cam- | have meroy on his soul. He fa led captive at
: look upon Gen, Cuarrgr’s march tO/ commensurate share of influence. seemsanminnniiasanaseeneny City Police Districts" London has an area : ridge, and by taking the Renee! pinces, tn the will of the devil.

© eek OER SSE RPT Te ee

Me ee ee

—

A a ree ee ene ERO EE ERR RN oer ER AIEEE ERIE OE UO 2

ener tnt i im lin tla AL OLA n

Pekin with scarcely less horror than that
with which the rescued Conaen lately looked
out upon the howling Boxer mob.
Imperialism, according to the Bryanites,
{s protecting the American flag when it {s
attacked. The Bryanites denounce the

Our soldiers, or at least a part of them,
will probably remain in China until the
paramount question of the guarantees
to be provided against a repetition of the
outrages, to which our official representa-
tives and our citizens have been exposed

Kitchen and Parlor.

“I find that the great theme of conversa-
tion among the married women of America,”
writes a traveller, “is the incompetency
and disagreeableness of their domestio

of nearly four hundred and fifty thousand
acres, extends over a radius of fifteen
miles from Charing Cross, and {ta popula-
tion in 1801 was 6,633,332, and the present
estimate 1s 6,528,484.

It will be seen, therefore, that the popu-

entry of the allies intothe capital following
on the Imperial filght cannot but produce
a profound impression all over China when it
comes to be known, as {t soon wil], but whether
it will be as far reaching as said in the memor-
andum from Li Hung Chang cabled to the Chi-
nese Minister at Washington on Wednesday
last, remains to beseen. In any case it will have

the

C{tyil ryice competitions
To

the solution cf questions affecting
the future. of ndia they bring not
only the advanced ideas of modern teach-
ing but also the importance of an ancient and
00 vative civiligation. They are therefore
carable of advising us, They are also willing
todo ao, ig they realize that under eo

a

conditiona India cannot stand alone.

oloe betw England and Russia; and they

Dr. C, 8. Gardner of Greenville, referring to
Tillman's staternent that Habakkuk is ob-
solete, saya: “Habakkuk did not live to see
the when & United States Senator would
go about the country preaching that the Ili uor
raffic is a benevolent and mora) institution

6 is either a religious |guoramus or a religious

postor who tries to bolster up liquor traffic
with the Bible.”

The Rev. F.C, Hickson of Cherokee county,

flag's protection. for the last two months, shall have been | servants.” That {s a probable enough | Jation of New York is not much more than have no wish to exohange the ruleof anation | who attempted to interrogate Tillman on the
Anti-imperlalism has been tried by the | gatistactorily settled. guess, and we dare say that the traveller | one-half of this estimated population of a pe we eent od Ga oe eee which ia progressive and freedom-loving for | stand and was mobbed, nays: jit the peo ile
. ony

Democratic party to keep the public eye
off the policy of freeativer. The Democrats

 

Narrow Race Prejudice and Ant-

 

would have been just as correct {f he had
said that in America the chief subject of

the district of the Metropolitan or “ Greater
London.”

upon the various Powers, and upon whether
they decide to follow a conservative or revo-

one that represents repression and reaction.
The only other possibility for India ia anarohy,
whioh would be destructive of their beat hopes
fn aspirations for India’a future. From en-

follow Mr. ‘lillman or the

ible? ere was a time when they would fol-
ow Tillman; haa that time passed? The Lord
grant that {t has. But I want to say to my peo-

had better find a less repulsive mask. mosity. conversation among the ladies of the Next after New York and the third aity | lutionary line of action. The interest of some lightened if-interest the eduoated classes are | ple in Cherokee if you think Mr.‘Iflman knows
~ — kitchen {s the incompetency and disagree- | of the world in magnitude is Paris, the popu- | of them, this country for one, ts in a etrictly spiende British rule; ofnd Upon them we | more of the Bible and of right, of how tolive
The Legations Saved—What Now? As wo all know, the narrower and the | ableness of the ladies upstairs. Yet {t ts | ation of which by the census of 1806 was | Conservative polloy with régard to the Empire, | fearing in mind the words of Bacon. “It is BAe DOT te Oa ee te fad
more unenlightened the intelligence, the | by no means true that there is continual 2,530,834, or 900,868 less than the present while there is reason for believing that others, | without all controversy, earning doth make] ¢o die: fy im proach your funerals when you

With the deliverance of the foreigners | bitterer and the more uncompromising | war between the two regions. Sometimes from motives not directly connected with Chinese | the minds of men gentle, generous, amiable, | ara dead. 1 do not want to do It.”

who, for upward of two months, have
been imprisoned in the legations at Pekin,
the primary purpose for which American
soldiers were despatched to China has been

{a its race prejudice. More especially is
this prejudice provoked in such minds
when the race against which it is expended
is sharply distinguished and differentiated

there are friendly relations; sometimes
there isatruce. The servant has the hope
of marriage and of an establishment of
her own to console for present discomforts

population of New York.

The fourth city in rank is Berlin, with a
population of 1,677,804 in 1895, or less than
one-half that of New York.

affairs, would not be unwilling to see them
made the cause of a disturbance that would
be widespread. The moment has now been
reached when the policies of the various Gov-
ernments must be made plainer than they have

iant to government; whereas ignorance makes
bem ohurlish, thwart aud mutinous.”

The weak point of our position in India is that
our administration, being bureaucratic and di-
by. foreigners, {s outof touch with the

he educated classes, ap jnterpreters

reote
ple.

tween the rulera and the ruled, have set

P. H. Rucker of Columbia says: “With tears
of grief, how often have I prayed, By Ped
change this man,’ for What power he could be
what * multitude he could lead to a bright
land! Ihave had great faith, but have reac
the conclusion to let Fphraim alone; he ts joined
to his idols. Senator

accomplished. Does it follow that Our] 1. eogily discernible physical peculiarities | and the man knows he ts not
perpetual grating sense of being . yet been; and something more rational than the | t! ¢'n8e, ves to remedy this defect. Being ther- | only on the road to hell, but fe ca. Nag a mul-
soldiers should be immediately withdrawn, | |; by an unintelligible speech. governed too much. The employer is Ne Need of These Imported Craters, terrorism advocated by a leading German wrens pee Torben ee have be mae eet “antes pier Stee} ind wilco

and that we should leave to diplomacy
the settlement of all the questions relating
to reparation for the indignity to which
our official representatives have been
subjected, and for the outrages of which
American citizens have been the victims;
to the punishment of the parties account-
able for those offences; and, lastly, to the
guarantees to be furnished against a repe-
tition of them?

With whom shall our diplomatistsa nego-
tlate? From the moment this inquiry ts
mooted, we perceive the fundamental
difficulty of the problem now confronting
us, and recognize the possibility that our
troops, together with those of the allied
Powers, may have to be kept in the Middle
Kingdom until a responsible and strong

Negroes are marked out unmistakably
by their color; the Jewish physlognomy
singles out that race to the simplest ob-
server; the Chinese pig-tail is a badge
of race separation recognized by every
child. Mere difference of language of
course, makes a like distinction and awak-
ens race hostility in ignorant minds, by
whom {t ts taken as indubitable evidence
of a deficiency of intelligence and a prob-
able depravity of morals, The mere in-
ability of a Frenchman, a German or an
Italian to understand English will excite
the contempt of such minds. When they
find that even by yelling they cannot make
the foreigner understand they dismiss him
as a stupid fellow little better than a
savage.

made prudent by the probability that in
seeking successors to her present servants
she will go farther and fare worse,

It used to be thought that England was
much better off than the United States
in the way of domestic service. Such
fine old family servants as you see there;
such white-haired housekeepers, as respect-
able as a cathedral, and such beautiful
butlers, as dignified as an ivy-hung college,
But the cook and the scullery maid you
don't see. The subterranean miseries
can only be divined. The bitter wail of
many Englishmen and women has shown,
however, that their country {s no more
fortunate than ours in the matter of ser-
vants. Writing in Macmillan'’s Magazine
on “ The Domestic Problem,” Mrs. ManrHa

A despatch from London to the Boston
Evening Transcript says that a Filipino resl-
dent in London, Sefior Jcarpo, is arranging
to take “six English-speaking Filipinos
through the United States this fall to remain
upon the stump until the November eleo-
tions,” to plead the cause of AGUINALDO.

We do not believe that these Filipinos will
be seen here. Lhe cause of AGUINALDO, at
present engaged in murderous warfare upon
the United States army, {is being championed
by the Democratic party, led by WituraM J.
Bryan, and nothing is being left undone in
the Democratio canvass to cheer on our
enemy and to bring to naught the Adminis-
tration’s labor to uphold this nation’s
authority over territory that belongs to it.

Whether the Filipinos come or not though

paper will have to be propounded. The in-
terest of thls country not belng in the conquest
of China, but In commercial expansion, {t can-
not be advanced In any way by a coume of action
that would stop production tn China and close
{ts market to our trade,

The Russian success over the Chinese at
Hal-cheng, which ts the station beyond New-
chwang, ie the beginning of the refAstablish-
ment of the railway connection with Tie-lin
north of Mukden and eventually with Charbin,
which, when effected, will complete the com-
munications between the Siberian railway
by way of the Amur and Sungari rivers, and
the port of Newohwang. In a speech of the
{nternational Commander-in-Chief, Count von
Waldersee, made a few days ago in Ger-
many, there was a hint that an international
force might be required to restore order in

Manchuria. The only result of this would

the Indian

vationa!l Congress, focuses inde-
endent In

an opinion; and year by year in
he resolutions and debaies of that representa-
tive mbly they bring, duatally and consti-
tutionally, before Government the Indian view
of Tadiqn affairs. Where Congress influence ox-
tends there is no fear of avy “Boxer” move-
ment,

Aa l have already said, the great problem in
India is an economic one—How to improve the
condition of the massen, If they are conterted
and prosperous all will be well, Lord Curgon,
ae Viceroy, has elven evidence of possessing
independence, vigorandcapacty. Let ue hope
that in seeking to solve this vital problem fe
will suoceed in Yalting the hearty endeavors of
all friends of Jndia. W. WEDDERBURN.

Hovss or Commons, London, Aug. 8.

 

Zionism,

To THe Eprror oF Tar SuN—Sir: It ta
evident that Dr. Herzl's statement at the Zion-
ist Congress in London ‘that England was the
last remaining country where Jews still enjoyed

only a few years ago that serious riots broke
outin connection with the “cow-killing” ques-
ton. These riota were repressed by military

scratching.”
The first primary will be hald Aug. 20.

A Negro’s View of the New York Poftce,

To THR EpITroR OF THE S8UN-Sir: Gow,
Candler of Georgiatn a recent published statement
takes advantage of the late outbreak of New York
hoodlums and hoboes upon the negro population to
explain how the Southern white people do those
things and how considerate aud careful they are in
the doling of them.

Of course we all know that Southern orators and
newspapers will harp on the reoent riot in New York
and endeavor to make much of (tin order to fustify
their own brutal and cowardly treatment of the blacks
Gov. Candler is quite sure that nothing so horrible as
the New York tlot has ever occurred inthe South.
iut the Governor is mistaken. The New Orleans
rlot of a few weeks ago was 4 great deal more horrible
than this New York affair, The Wilmington, N. ©.,
riot of several months ago wasa regular Boxer"

Government, either Manchu or Chinese,| Accordingly, it 1s always easy to get up | Mayor avers that “{t is clear to all heada | the American people must mount the stump | &Ppear to be to stimulate the Russians to put | equal rights,” can only have been applied tothe | carnival of crime and  dloody barbarism
a Government able to command respect, | @ race riot whenever the race distinction | of households that we are on the brink | to defend themselves against the politi- per otralehs in thet rovinoe as goon aa | countries of Europe. Nowhere in the New | The assassination of the negro Postmaster
enforce order and fulfil its obligations | jg obvious. It fe not an unheard-of thing | of a revolution in our daily lives owing to | clans engaged in the traitorous work of pera ot i on Ste the necessity sor Oey World are the Jews subject to special legisia~ | and his infant babe at Lobe City, & O,

shall have been evolved from the present
anarchical conditions. We certainly have
no intention of renouncing forever all
diplomatic relations with China, but, on
the other hand, these cannot be renewed
until such a Government shall exist as can
offer positive assurance that our Fnvoys
shall never again be exposed to such ap-
palling perils as those from which they have
just been rescued. From that abstract
proposition no reasonable persons will
dissent except those who would have us
connive atanavowed or veiled partition of
the Celestial Fmpire, a pretended solution
of the problem against which our State

for a deaperate character to shoot a police-
man, Instanoes of white men firing on
policemen and killing them have been
many. The police service is always sub-
ject to that danger, for its function is
to handle desperate ruffians; but because
such a character shoota an officer of the law
his single example is not taken by people of
any intelligence as an indicaton of a de-
praved and dangerous disposition in the
whole race to which he belongs, Other-
wise in this cosmopolitan town there would
be hardly a race which would escape
condemnation and would not be liable to
extermination, if the revenge the tnsensate

 

the impossibility of finding female ser-
vants.” The hirable are becoming few in
proportion to the number of would-be
hirers. Mrs. Masor thinks that the arbi-
trary rules and regulations as to the dress
and so on of servants have had muoh to
do with the disinclination to accept domestic
service. In England “of the whole com-
munity the only people who are not ladica
are servants.” To be addressed by the
first name without the prefix “Miss” or
“Mrs.” is felt to be a mark of social inferi-
ority, Then domestic work may be said
never to end, and it {is monotonous and
has no stated hours.

keeping AGUINALDO'S guns going,

The fraud-clad issue of free silver shines
through the fog of antl-imperlalism beyond
the power of trimmers to hide it.

Our esteemed contemporary, the Pittsburg
Index-Avpeal, expresses this vlew of the
national game:

“ The only surprising thing {n oonnection with the
failure of {interest in baseball simultaneously in all
parts of the country Is that the fallure did not occur
sooner. The game in Itself is an innocent and
wholesome one on amateur lines, butin the profes
sional Meld {t bas been productive of much harm,
morally and physically, the evidences of which will

[aterterenoe in
hey regard as essentially their aphe'

uence.

Te of in-

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

The official reports from Pretoria confirm
the account of the escape of Gen. De Wet from
his pursuers, and his junction with the Trans-
vaal commandos north of Rustenburg. The
brilliancy of this feat is In no way detracted
from by the apologetic statement put forward
on behalf of Gen. Kitchener that,while he could
only move by day, his quarry waa able to travel
by night as well. There were at one time no
fewer than four British Generals endeavoring
to surround him, but either through the inem-
elency of thelr arrangements or defective tn-
formation, Gen, De Wet gave them the slip.

tion; {mn all latitudes of South and North Amer-
fea they enjoy tho blessings of citizenship.
Therefore, there was no occasion for a protest
on the part of the American delegates; they felt
in no way offended by the statement of their
distinguished President, for they knew tt could
not include this country within its scope, The
delegates from the United States are known to
be pairiotic: their Americanism impels them to
work for the liberation of their b:ethren of
Russ a, Poland and Roumania. It is well known
that the leaders of the Zionist movementexpect
much aid rom the American Jews, whoenjoy
the fullest measure of freedom, and whose duty
{tisto try and obtain or their brethreu of
Europe rights equal to theirs.

Zionism should have the sympathy of all
Amerioans. Dr. Nordau very properly com-
pared the Zionists of to-day, who will not rest
until they win for their race a modus vivendi in
this world, with the Pilgrim Fathers of old
whose indomitable spirit would not bend under

——— sess aie alae -

by an organized mob has no parailel tn cowardice or
ruManism tn tne North. Gov. Candler's statement ts
cunningly devised and misleading. It would be very
important if true, but {t doesn't happen to be true;
and any one who has kept account of Southern
lynchings and otuer outrages upon the negroes will
readily agree that the human nature of the lawless
white men of the North and South does not differ in
the least, Chief Devery of the New York police foros
deserves the grateful thanks of every negro In the
country for his courageous conduct in protecting the
blacks and his impartial treatment to those who
were apprehended by bis officers aswell as for stamp
in® out the mob spirit wherever {t made tiself mani
fest. They do not have Chief Deverys down South.
If they did mobs and lynchings would soon becomes
unpopularin that section. Gov Candler, in praising
the South at the expense of New York and the North

 

 

Department has resolutely and wisely | mob of Wednesday attempted to wreak | Mrs. Mason says that the word “servanta® | itt *# !ond as the present Generation survives’ For |g Flands River garrison has been | the welgnt of persecutien generally as to ita treatment of negro oBenders, has
set its face. When, however, we attempt | on all negroes within sight, because of the | must be given up and “house employees” Sen naan hone et en relieved by Gen. Kitchener, set free | , Uncle Sam has of late shown a tendency to | Ptrmiited his zeal to get the better of his veracity.
to give the abstract general principle, | act of ono desperado, was adopted as a| substituted. These must be called “Miss” | the game. Let every one apeed the parting grate by Gen. Do Wot's scape, after having ple of the: ible Erohuw beards he ton wiah ree ee
which we have just propounded, concrete | general rule of conduct. Nor would any | Brown, “Miss” Jones and 80 on. The | sional basebdalliat, He will never be missed," dont _soventy oGicere and men killed and | te live, Are they aq verry of, chilvalrolun ine Stenard

; ‘ .

and practical applications, we encounter
difficulties and perplexities, one of which

race ba secure If it was not more effectually
protected by the police against such vio-

cap, “the badge of the slavey,” must go,
House employees on duty may be required

We do not believe that even the National
League, organized as it is now as the friend of

wounded. Forthcoming despatches should
bring news of some fresh enterprises now that
Gens, Delarey and De Wet have jeined hands.

terventionin their behalf the peopl
fought tor Cuba? dopisoun”
va. 17.

 

TO THE Enrron or Tur Sux—Sir: The
telligencer bas been using, since 1884, the word sis

fa our ignorance concerning what has | lence of race prejudice than were the negroes | to dress in black or dark-colored clothes rufianism, can kill baseball, It is the national v tard, the opposite of blizzard) Your opinion of the
: . South of the aal it would seem that fightin A South African on the Recent Rio N T
ly t l { { lu t | y. 1¢ lati { game. It isa good game, ample in its opportun!- « t. word. CONESTOGA.
actually taken place in Pekin d he ast Wednesday such a regulation prevail ng in many shops is not yet over, Gen. Olivier with the Free State TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: It forms LANCASTER, Pa. Aug. 16.

last seventy days, an ignorance which
will be dispelled to a large degree, if not
entirely, when the detailed reports of the be-
aleged Ministers shall have been received.
These reports should help, if not fully

Such discrimination against the negroes
of New York is the more reprehensible and
cowardly because they are 60 small a part
of the population. In the whole city as it
was before the consolidation there were

and being found unobjectionable, So far
as is poasible, each employee should have
definite hours and work, for “there seems
really no sound reason why those who
wish certain things done for them in their

ties for skill and strength; and, though for
years past tt has been cradied ina nursery of
disorder and non-sport, it will live to seo the
time when it Is restored to decency and
health.

 

The Democratic candidate for Governor of

commandos that were north of Bethlehem and
Harrismith when Gen. Prinsloo surrendered
having been engaged with Gen. Hunter near
Heilbron, The British suffered some lose on
the occasion, which would indicate that the

burghers are in force. From his being so near

queer reading to one Iike myself just returned from
South Africa to notice in the newspapers under the
headlines of “Race Riots," &o, that “negroes were
attacked by frenzied mobs," and ‘‘éries of lyneh ‘em

were heard from many quarters Also “that
pollee freely used their night staves’’—on the peateas

es esters

We don't know what the ‘ord was intended to mean
precisely, but we feel that tt cannot be ranked with
Vilezard @ word Spontaneously evolved and generally
accepted as descriptive of a certain howling stoom
that occurred something over twelve yrarsago. If

qualify us, to answer the following ques- | in 1890 only 23,601 negroes, in a total popu- | houses by other people should have power y i of course! ' "

= . ’ ‘ ne the Vaal as fieilbron, it would appe A sizzard’' is meaut to describe a hot storm, it fs on
tions: First, Did the Empress Dowager | lation of more than one million and a half, | to demand work without payment, which Illinois, Mr. SAMUEL ALSCHULER, raises the Olivier were trying to get north of that — so aenn by a a v0 ae ealte noe the wrong track, onan ‘aaaeiene ‘aes are on
instigate, or was she an accessory before and their actual number now is little greater, | is neither thought of nor demanded in Seren = to smite the American Spare ve re cerene with some of the Trans- pan. but ta tt (0 be taken for granted that negroes hot If it is intended to apply to a mere spell of
or after the fact, to the assault on the lega- | even if it has increased at all, in spite of a | any other profession.” talsslonaries in the Orient. The CAicago E stabbing? al Urief—from the man in the moon—for | hotness, {t{s poor, becatise in rhyming with bilzrard

tions? Second!y, Has any member of the
reigning dynasty shown himself capable
of resisting the pressure of mob violence,

growth of the whole population of more
than a third since 1890. To sat fupon the
negroes, therefore, is peculiarly cowardly

 

Mra. Mason would do away with un-
necessary work such as the dusting of
superfluous knickknacks and the cleaning

Inter Ocean saya that in a speech on Tuesday at
Colchester, Mr, AL8CHULEK reproached the
missionaries for “favoring trust exploitation of
the Philippines.” “ Yea," said the candidate,

The conspiracy trial at Pretoria ls bringin
out some interesting features, not the least
seine that the plot to capture Lord Roberta
and kill the British oMcers in the {tal was
instigated by a man of the name of Gano, de-
scribed by THF SUN correspondent at Pretoria

 

 

t
| Amating though ft may seem there are cranks tn
this country who actually vell you without a blush
that they cannot support the Boer cause owing to
their shameful treatment of the poor blacks,
Verily, tae lot of the black manin South Africa ts
heavenly 1 to those in

{tfallstosugcest the calm and dulnessftiat go with
a@ high thermometer.

 

The Democratic Party,

and loyally allve to the duty of upholding | in New York. Nor is there any special | of superfluous silver. Possibly she is | “they will keep reaching out tomonopollgs the | as @ British detective. arse ehemger): p | TOTHER EDITOR OF THE SUN~Sir: The Dem
the security and dignity of Envoys duly | provocation for such assault in their con- | ironical if these suggestions and like- go'den harvest beyond.” Captain American Scouts, sss Vorste, ocratic party seems tobe the homeof the discontented

accredited under treaties to the Celestial

duet, for generally they are as inoffensive

wise {n the proposition that the elaborate

However coldly a Democratic orator begins to
expound his party's platform, he js likely to be

Georgia's Negro Militia,

New YORK, Aug. 17.

 

 

the cranks and the kickers everpwhere throughout
the United States Its old title Goes no longer fb

   

Empire? | as they are defenceless against the over- | evening dinner be eaten no J r mn go Our H
, 4 or. , more Un- , From the Atlanta Journal Ban Dt Scoft | {ts orfginal Aims and purposes, and sh be
If the first question be answere lw i shite populatior 3 : i carried by {tinto such vulgar extravagance as Savan A : rae ” " oon a8 Der Beat. Gropped. How would Democritic do as 4 § u
i iswered in| whelming wh population, But, as we} doubtedly most servants would prefor was here reached by Mr. ALSCHULER,. AVANNAH, Aug. 14—Col, W. G. Obear, In- To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sér: Doubtiess | SOL C8 ty member and supporter of the so-ea ied

the affirmative, it will be obvious that
the Empress Dowager can be permitted
to rule no longer, and that, as Mr. Josrpu
Watton, M. P., has pointed out, a serious
and far-reaching blunder was made by
the British Minister, Sir CLaupr Mac-
DONALD, and the other foreign Envoys at
Pekin, when in 1808, they tamely allowed

have said, their distinguishing color makes
them a peculiarly conspicuous mark for
ignorant and savage race prefudioce,

nearly all of the ten million negroes which
this country is now estimated to contain
are gathered, they constitute a laboring
population which generally is as orderly

to prepare and eat dinner somewhere near
the middle of the day and have more of
the evening to themselves. We are not
convinced, however, that the friction of
domestic service is notably lessened in
those small cities and towns where the
dinner hour is 12, 1 or 2 o'clock.

In proposing that non-resident em-

Here’. to Capt. Sepuey D. Burisr, U.S. M.
C.,and hoping he may soon recover from the
wound he received at Tientsin. Capt. Rururr
fe a very remarkable boy, He was 19 years old
on the last day of June, and hay taken all the
part he could In three wars. He was a Becond
lieutenant of the Marine Corps, “appointed

spector-General of Georgia militia, inspected
the colored volunteer militia here to-day on the
occasion of their twentiets annual parade. ‘The
Fulton Guarda of Atlan’ a were bere, and Joined
the geven colored companies of Savannah in the
celebration of the occasion. The colored troops
made asplendid showing. On the parade they
were in command of Lieut.-Col. J. H. Deveaux
Collector of Customs here. Inspector-Genera
Obear took occasion to compliment the col-
ored [roo

|
reoonstruct it so that itehall have the easy, yet
far from unfinished air of the Oriental's shape-
less blouse, The Chinese shirt is adaptable,
also, to every peculiarity of figure.

those who had relatives in San Diego were extend-
ing to them &@ deal of sympathy beaause of their
| supposed unfortunateenvironment, but our mazimum
| of only 68 degrees, in contrast with yours of 04 de-
Grees Aug. 11, was not in the least oppressive Of
course we have higher temperatures, but newer for
More than three or four days, and the nights are |
4lways cool, whatever may have been old Sol's Pranks
during the day. liea prostrations, slaughter of the

 

 

oceratic party ts a full fede d eriite of everything that
makes for profress and advancement ML
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.

 

 

Chaffee and Wal lersee,
To THR EDITOR OF THR SUN—Sir: The Staovs

| Zeitung prints the story of Count Wadersee's tri

riding, Jumping tn the saddle witvout using (Le

stirrup, end makes the malliclous remark whether
Gen. Chaffee could dothe sametrick

. e " nt ‘ »
the deposition of the Emperor Kwana-sv | and peaceable as it is essential to the indus- | ployees be encouraged, Mrs. Masor touches, | {°° wee ae service,’ during the Spanish | ind said they we aoe credit to. theme rer eed j tanocenta, &c., are unknown here, GM. F, ius ame Utsan haan Oia ae eee een ee
and the usurpation of the throne by the | trial development of the South. No e ‘) war: he was appointed permanently on | to the State There haa been great improve- | SAN Diao, Cal., Aug. 13. p BAG Many beiter ones, ton
' matter | it seems to us, the real root of the difficulty, | Aprii 8, 1890. and promoted the eame day | Ment in the colored militia, he said, since the —————— Se en ones

notoriously reactionary Empress Dowager.
As to the second question, it is certain that
the young Emperor Kwana-sv, while he
was allowed to govern, was in favor of
reform and of the further opening of China
to trade, and we do not doubt that, had he
retained a particle of power, he would
have used it to shield the legations from
insult and injury. There is also reason to
believe that Prince Quinoa, during the

how strictly, how flercely, the color line
is drawn there, no cry for the deportation
of the negroes comes from any Southern
; source whose judgment receives respect.
South needs their labor and enjoys
| in it peculiar advantages over the rest of
‘

i
| Even in the Southern States, where
|
'

The

the Union. lt works for relatively low
wages and is not yet organized into labor
unions, When the establishment of such
organization comes, and come it will, then

i sss
rr

j

whatever be thought of the feasibility of
her suggestion. The living in the same
house of two sets of persons, the one doing
the work for the other, must often tend
to produce envy and uncharitableness or
contempt in the servant. In having food
and rent free, the servant is able to save
more of her wages probably, and is better
off proportionately than
but she bas not a home.

her employer; |
She is, in effect, |

to First Lieutenant. He commanded the
marine guard on the Newark, and made a name
for himself fn the Philippines fighting guer-
rillas, On June 14 he was sent ashore with the
marines at Taku, and was promoted Captain a
fow days after he fell with a bullet in bis thigh
infront of Tientsin. He is the youngest officer
of bis rank in the navy—perhaps in any of the
services; and it he lives will be Brigadier-General
Commandant of the United States Marine Corps,
We hope he may reach that rank; he will be a

 

reorganization

 

Shirts of fils Boyhood.

To TRE Eprror op THR Scxn—Sir:
| ere onty boys grown tall"

 

what's the matter with the

shirt waist of his youth—it with the pleats or tucks, |

made to come Just below the watst line and furnished
with buttons to fasten his panutaloons to? If the
ebirt waist man has come to stay, why should he
not diseard ail that unnecessary “shirt tall’ andadops
the shirt waist In the coolest sense of the word?

New Yorg, Aug. 17. £.0 Tuomas

As ‘men |

 

| Alabamao Warning Against Apathy.
| To THR Eprrorn oF THR SuN—S¢r: | would
| Ike to see Bryan beaten very badly, but I am afraid |
there is too much apathy on the part of the opposition;
| they are too sanguine of McK's eleciion. Bryan's
forces will be out to @ man on the 6th of November, |
They are going to make a supreme effort w elect him; |
| Wer will resort to any means under the sun todo so. |
They know {t fs their last chance and they have be-
come desperate,
I hope tt will be thelr death struggle
EVERGREEN, Ala, Aug. 16

¥, B,

ORACLE Teh OAS . 20 a a. .
i nt

A New Terror of Courtship.
From the Chicago Medical Recorder.

An Indiana brunette for some days had been ser
ing from a supposed attack of pleurlsy, but, wher
S. PF. Bordman was called in, he found iat one
young lady's ribs was fractured. After much que
Woning, the girl blushing!y admitted tliat her best
Denu had inflicted the injury while giving ber bis
usual tender embrace before parting on his iast vielt
The occurrence of the acctdent was marked by 4
sherp pain in the side, “a catch in her bieathy” ard
@ sudden relasativa of her bol¢

: