i

 

PRELATES RETUR
anistor CORRIGAN COMPS WITH

. P .
” OLHERS ON THE ST. LOUIS,

ymen Met the Archbishop at

Pricsts 00d eit cavcls in Burope -He Mad

N HOME.

  

ng wether MIS faterviews With the Pope-
Two of the Interviows Wholly Personal,
arch! orrugan, Who has boen In Europe
: tha peturned yesterday aboard
_ oe ihn 4¢. Louw and was greeted
tn yay be goo priests and a large nume
_ f : men of the New York
eh Pynoriug dioceses, who were on the |
Cee Mohawk. While the St. Louls
plan : hog Quaailoe the Arehbishop
r pee at th rau He
* . abons »Mohawlt, among whom were
at Ben unin J Kelley of Savannah, the
_ Nowy, the Right Rov. John M.

Rev. Fatl'

thls diveese, and

 

|
|

1 Lop of

ve . alk yf Charities Philman

mince © hh yaa recel ved at the gangway
cea eee dack of the Mokawk by Bishop
who k d hia superior on each cheek
OO Goan ihim. Meer, Mooney shook hauds
and ¥ the Archbishop and received his
ee The Architi op appeared to be in |
pent th. dibs cheeks were rogy, his

ent hea
exco + and his manner was alert,

| inquiry.

= { st Jacnea’s Church introduced
Fat - “s ay to the Archbishop, The South-
sige iae here recently to officiate at
ero ie es of hia niece, Miss Mary P. Kelley
ee ny Nearly everybody on board
of Bi sete velor recelved the Archbishop's
’ cat jag rather Ducey After the
ee vser Ducey, who did not mingle
a? ) ue other clatgymen, went to the
biel rae tl oa y to the
forward parr &" rhe te Co Mr.
ae es wii several priesta of the dio-
Pie rol bishop would not talk with |
pig AR referred them to his sec-

| nroty, Who accompanied
oad, ‘The Mohawk landed
tof Fiftieth etreet, North
bishop with Bishop Keiley
ey drove to the archie riseopal
Ton avenue and Fiftieth street

 

‘

* ‘holshop's. fellow voyagers
ose M. dgnacio Montes de Ova

san f.uis Potosl, Mexico, and
nnell of Brooklyn, and his sec-
John J. Barrett. Bishop de
way nearly @ year.
ol the conclave of Latin-

 

arican Catholics
WW soa the Archbispop was in Rome he had

nierviews with the f ope, two ol which were
; rhe others related to eccles-

Hie lotreduced Jusuce Morgan

al

atl

lv. personas

  

 

  

 

 

ow ievad dohn D Crimuins to the Pope.
is w us sald t fore the Archbist p went away
r >was a probabuit Oo; tis returning
Lahey Neither the Archbishop nor his
es t talk on this subject. While
fr Eagiand the Archbishop was the guest of
Caruinal Vaughe and tp Paris he stopped with
Cardinal fi rd and Mer. faurezett, In
freland he nt part of tus thine with Arche
bishop Wale god part with Thomas Kelly,

naire at Castletown, near

Aik Phila

  
 

the At

Yubiir about the tour of

York on April
ing Na we went to Rome,
taved five weeks, The Archbishop
Holy Father the report of the
sof the diocese of New York
ade, and a large album contain-
s and descriptions of all the
hoapitals and other Catho-
er the Archbishop's charge
{at agiance the marvellous

olly eatd tht
“We left New

   

we +
resented (0 the
+s progre
» last de

 

togray

   
 

'
ie ! ese willln ten years,

After leaving Rome we went to Florence
and thence to Oberammergau, W here we saw
the Passion Play. We also went to the shring
at Lourdes and visited Paris, but saw litile of
the Exposition a4 it Was too hot to walk around,

The Archbishop, throuch Ambassador Choate,
was javited to attend queen Victeria’s garden
arty, but when the affair came off We were at
ourdes and therefore could not be present

He has just ,

, would endanger ita Union

JEPPERSON IN THIS CAMPAION,

 

Interesting and Timely Ideas From the Father
of the Democracy,

From the “Jeffersonian Cyclopedia,” edited
by John P. Foley, and just published by the
fuck & Wagnaila Company of New York and
London, we compl's the «ubjoined opinions,
political and otherwise, of Thorns Jefferson:

TNE BALLOT TNE SAPKOUARD,
From the Firat Inaugural Address,

A Jealous care of the right of e@loction by the
people--a mid and safe corrective of abuses
which are lopped by the sword of revolution

| where peaoaable remedios are unprovided -I

deem one of the essertial principles of our Gove
ernment and, consequently, one which ought to

was choered by the | Shape its administration,

THE GERM OF WEST POINT.
From he Anaa, 1798.

It was proposed (at a meating of the Cabinet)
to recommend the establisiment of a military
academy. I objected that one of the spect-
fled powers given by thea Constitution to Con-
etess would authorize this, © © © © The Preal-
dent (said), though it would be a goud thing,
he didnot wish to bring on anytuing which
might generate heat and iil-humor, It was,
therefore, referred for further cons'dvration and
(At the next meeting) I opposed it as
unauthorized by the Constitution, familton
aud Knox approved it without discussion Ed-
mund Randolph was for it, saying thatthe
words of the Constitution authorizing Congress
to lay taxes, &c., for the common defence, might
comprehend tt. The Pres.dent said he would
Not chooxe to recommend anything against the
Copstituden; but If it was doubtful, he was so
impres-@lwith the necessity of this measure
that he would refer it to Congress, and let them
decide for themselves whether the Constitution
autuorized it or not.

CONVERTED TO “ MILITARISM.”

Froma Special Message to Congress, Maroh, 1808.

The eeale oo which the Military Acalemy at
West Point wos originally established is
become too imited to furnish the number of
weil-instructed subjects in the different
branches of artillery and engineering which
the public service calls for, Tho want of such
characters js already sensibly felt, aud will be
increased with the enlargement of our j lane of
miliary preparation. The chief engineer
having been instructed to consider the subject,
and propose an augmentation which might

render the establishment commensurate
with the present circumstances of our
country, has made the report I now

trausmit fer the consideration of Congress.
STILL STRONGER FOR "MILITANISM.”
From a Letter to Jared Mansfield, 1821.

I have ever considered tiat estabiishment as
of mator importance to our country, and In
whatever I could do for it 1 viewed myself as
performing a duty only.

EXPANSION OF TERRITORY.
From a Letter to President Madison, 180%.

No (Conatitutl n was ever belore +o we.l calous
lated as ours for extensive enipire and self-gov-
ernment.

From the Second Inaugural Address, 1805,

I know that the soquisition of Louisiana has

been disapproved by some, from @ candid

   

   

apprehension that the enlargement of territory |

But who can limit

, the extent to which the fed rative principle

‘In London we were entertained by the
Bishop of Southwark. We visited Fugene
Kelly at Marlow and then went to Ireland. '

with Carcinal

 

 

 

 

   
 

While we were

country residence of Lord Talbot, near Shef-
feild, cord Talbot retirned from South Africa
an! old us ab ult t t f ir.’

1@ Vovare f ithamnton and Cher-
bourg the Are! sp ce raced mass several
times in the « n of the ship Both Cath-
olics and Protestants attended the services,

Bishop de Ora will stop in the city several

days as the guest of Archbishen Corrigan be-
fore starting for his home in Meateo

BISHOP M'DOVNFLL'S RETURN.

Welcomed Tlome From Rome by
Priests and Laymen,

Bishop Charles E McDonnell of the Brooklyn
Catholic Diocese received a most hearty wel-
come yesterday morning on his return on the
steamship St. Louis from the pilerimage to
Rome. The steamboat Tolchester left the
Bridge dock about 6 o'clock and went down
the bay to meet the Bishop with a large prrty
aboard, !ncluding delegates from all the Holy
Name societies of the diocese, Knights of Co-
lunbus, Catholle Benevolent Legion, and the
Catholic Knights of America. There were over
thirty clergymen in the party.
met the St Louis at Sandy Hook, and when the

of and his private secretary, the Rey.

1. Barrett, were discovered at the rail
there were cheers and waving of handk erchiets

Rleartily

 

   

 

  

 

Vaughn at the |

‘

may operate effectively? The larger our asso-
ciation the less will it be shaken by local
Passions.

From a Letter to Archibald Stuart, 1786.

Our confederacy must be viewed as the nest
from which all Americi, North and South, isto
be peonled. Wo should take care, too, not to
think it for the Interest of that creat continent
to pre-a too soon on the Spaniards. Those
countries cannot bain better hands. My fear is
that ther are too feeble to hold them till our
population can | e suffic. ently advanced to gain
itirom them piece by piece.

From a Letter toJamea Monroe, 181.

However our present interesi# may restrain
us within our own limits, it is impossible not to
look forward to distant times, when our rapid
multiniication willetpand itself beyond those
limita, and cover the whole northern, if not the
southern, continent, witha people speaking the

; 8 we language, governed in similar forms, and

by similar laws
From a Letter to John Melish, 1816.
On the waters of the Pacific we can found no
c'aim in right of Louisiana. I! we claim that
country at all it must be on Astor's settlement

| pear the mouth of the Columbia, and the prin-

The steamboat |

ciple of the jua centrum of America, that whena
c.v ized nathon take. possession of the mouth
of ariver in a new country, that possession is
considered as ine)ud.ng all its waters.
EXPEDIENCY FOLLOWS THE FLAG,
From a Letter to Albert Gallatin, 1803
There ts no Consiltutional difficulty as to the
acquisition of territory, and whether, when

| acquired, it may be taken into the Union by the

At Quara e the Tolchester ran up alongside |
the St Le the Land playing “Home, Sweet
Home.” p McDonnell was conveyed from
the st to the Tolchester by the revenue
cutter ¢ les F. Allen, and when he stepped
aboard was surrounded by Vicar-General
Me Nar ura andthe other clergy men and warmly
‘erred. The address of weleome was made

President John T._O'Nell of St. Agnea's
oly Name Soclety. The Birthop responded
ley, saying thot he brought back the Papal
essing tothe Catholics of hisdiocese, Several
Uguets of roses were presented to the Bishop

at the Brdge dock, and an engraved set of

  

fevutions In a heavy gold frame were given
tobim when he reached hore, by John J. Dor-
manon behalf of the Diocesan Union, of which
he is Presic

 

!

Bishop McDonnell told the reporters that he
had great nioyed his trip abroad, He spent
two months in Rome and was there two weeks
before he got an opportunity to resent to the
eencraved reso'utiona which he carried
from Brooklyn From Rome he went to Naples,
and then to Milan, Florence, Lourdes, Paris
and London.

  

TRAMPS' REST RAIDED.

The Riicg» Dock In Brooklyn Cleared of Its
All- Night Contingent,

The Bridge dock in Brooklyn {s used as 2
landiug for excursion pariies, but at night
‘ras ps have stale heer parties there. Com-
palnt was made to the police that the benches
were unfit for usa by respectable and clean
people and acting Captain Mara of the Fulton
street station, with lis reserves, made a raid
$5 the dock at 2:30 o'clock yesterday morning

aa the ere, i nu wer t “tive tramps sleeping
Now, bovs," said acting Captain Mara, “let

Rone of thern escape.”

trate renerve an ade a break, but one of the

Gee tere a as awake saw the shields and
he yelled

Ne enpe

 

    

 

on ‘@ trainps were awakened and tried to
peli ty. They conld not wet out, as the
te Were in the rear and water surrounded
Romar in eee ice Many of the tramps,
Odd swan ee arrent, 3 urmped into the water
Sine came ; an ining’ Cocks Oni eeven
Mo ci-trat ou " vere irraigned hefore
. a n-erint Adans street 1 olice
: ged with being disorderly persers,
en on We ided to jail to uwait examina-
i Thursday
aint YOU #oltuar to get the fellows who es-
i as ed of acting Camtain Mara
i Aine n srenied They are not
That wae ns were, for they took a bath
More abhorrent to them than arrest.”

FPFECTS OF A LIGHCENING nOLT.
AM Autopsy Made on the Elils Island Victim
to study Them.

 

Ay , ,
au Was inade at the Morgue yesrer-
SB dy of William Frazer, the tine
vi

© wes Killed by lightning on Ellis

! c
Friday afternoon. Coroner's Physi-
hed t marron, who made the autopsy, sald he
1! aC 5 Fscontifie purpores only, many
. , pentended that death by
hod the aioe eifects as death by

a

s eacminaton disproved
hiere were no blood clots
juin as Was the case
He voitage. He jad

 

   

tha ® shoek to the vervous
he) Toe Wee so intense that it
‘ccontraet n which hardened

Fapecially was this so
hich were almost as hard as

 

 

G
ardiner ty Matthews Back Frem Farope

Ma'thews of the firm of S. D.
on of Brookl n, return d yester-
& two months’ tri in Europe. He
4 reseed, be raid, with the Paris Ex-
“+ reauy gratified by the American

 

Const:tulion as it now atands will become a
question of expediency. I think Jt will be safer
not to permit the enlargement of the Union but
by amendment of the Constitution.

From a Letter to John Dickinaon, 1808
There isa dfficulty in t! ts aequ sition which
present. a hand!e to the malcontents among us,
though they have not vet discoveredit. Our
confederation ts certainly oonfiued to the limits
established b, the Revolution, The general
Government hes no powers but such as the

' ConsUtudion has giventt; and{t has not given
it a power of helcing foreign territory, and !

6tili loss of incorporating it into the Union.

amendmentof the Conat tution seems necessary |

for this, In the meantime, we muet ratify and
pay our money, as we hive treated, for a thing
beyond the Constitution, and rely on the nation
to sanction an act done for its great good, with-
oul its previous authority
From a Letter to Horatio Gates, 1803

With respect to the territory acquired, Ido
not think it will be a separate government, as
you imegine. I presume the island of New

| Orleans and the se'tled country on (he o; posite

bank will be annexed to the Missi«sipni terri-
tory hall cer.ainly endeavor to in.roduo
the American laws there, and that cannot be
done but by arnilwamating the people withsuch
a body o.
lesi-iation and g.vernment, Of cour e, they
will be under the Governor of Miss seipp!. The
rest of the Territory will probably be locked up
froin Aiverican settiement and under the self-
government of the nally e oeoupanta.

From a Letter to De Witt Clinton, 1803.

Although it is seknowlederd that our new fel-
low citizens are as yet as incapable of self-gov-
ernmer! as children, yet «me [in Congress)
cannot bring themselves to suspend its prinel-
pies fora single moment. The temporary cr
territorial governmeént of that country, there-
fore, will encounter great diMoulty [in Con-
gress).

NO ALIPNATION OF AMERICAN TERRITORY.

From a Letter to Aiszander Hamilton, 1792

The power to alienate the unpeopled terri-
tories of any State is notamong the enumer-
ated powers given by the Constituuon to the
General Government, and if we may go out of
that instrument, and accommodate to exlgen-
cies which may arise by alienating the unpeo-
pled territ ry of a State, We may accommodate
ourselves a little more by alienating that which
fs peopl d, and still a little more by selling the
peonle themselves. A shade or two more inthe
Gegree of exigency ts all hat will be requieite,
and of that d°gree we shall ourselves be the
judz-s. However, may It not be hoped that
these juestions are forever Inid to rect by the
arnondment to the Constitution, declaring ex-
proeesly that ‘the powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution cre reserved
to the S‘a'es respectively?’ Andif the eeneral
Go: ernment hea no power to alienate the terri-
tory of a State, it is too ir: esistible an argument
to deny ourselves the use of it on the present
occasion

‘eae

From the Anca 1793
I considered (at a Cabinet meeting) that the
Executive with either or both Lranches of the
legwlature, could pot alen any part of our
territory, thit by the law of nations it was
settled that the unity and indivisibility of the
society was so fundainental that it could not be

Americans as may take the lead in |

|

| dismembered by the constituted authorities’

except, 1, where all power was delegated to
them (asinthe case of despotic eovernments),
or, 2, where it was expressly delegated: that
nel\her of these delegations had been made to
our general Government and, therefore, that
it had no right to dismember or alienate any
pertion of territory once ultimately consoll-
dated with us; and that we could no more cede
to the Inctians than to the English or Spaniards,
as it might, according to acknowledged prinal-
ples, rematn as irrevocably and eternally with
the one asthe other, But I thought that a9 we
had aright to sell and settle lauds on «. om-
prelended with!n our lines, .o we might forbear
to exercise that right, retaining the property
till circumstances should be mors favorable to
the setUement, uud thie I agreed to do in the
Present instance, if necessary for peace.
From a Leer to Mra, Triet, 1814

The negotiators at Ghent are agreed in every-
thing exoep. as toarag of Malina, which we
caunot yield nor wey seriously care wooub

BRITITH TXVANSION ON THIS CONTINENT,

From a Letter to Gouverneur Murria, 1790,

The consequence of their (ihe Britlah) acquir-
{ng ail the country on our frontier. froin the Bt.
Croix tothe St, Mary's, are too obvious to you
to need development. You will readily see the
dangers whioh would then environus. We
wish you, therefore, to intimate to them that
we ounnot be Indifferent to enterprises of this
kind: that we should cont>mplate a chang* of
nelghbors with extreme uneasiness, and thata
due balance on our borders is not less desirable
to us, than a balanceof power in Furope has
al ways appeared to them, We wish to be neutral,
and we will be ao, if they will execute the treaty
(ef peaos) fairly and aitempt no conquests ad-
joining use. The first condition ia just, the seo-
ond !mposes no hardship on them.

From the Anaa, 1792.

It was evident to me that the British had {it tn
view to clalin a slice on our northwestern
quarter, that (hey may get into Mississipp!; in-
deed, Ithovght.t presented as asort of make
we ght with the posts to compensate the great
losses their c tizens had sus'ained by the ine
fractions [of the treaty of peace) charged on
us.

FOREBION ALLIANCES.
From a Letter to Edward Rutledge, 1797.

As to everything except commerce, we ought
to divorce ourselves from them all. But this
system would require time, temper, wisdom
and occasional sao ifice of interest; and how far
all of these will be ours, our chidren may see,
but weehall not. [The pas-ions are too high at
Drgsent to be cooled in our day

From a Letter to 7’. Lomax, 1798,

Commerce with ali nations, alliance
none, should be our motto.

From the Firat Inaugural Address, 1801,

Honest friendship with all nations, entangling
alliances with none, I deem essential principles
of our Government and, consequently, which
ought to shaye its administration.

From a Letier to President Monroe, 1828.

I have ever deemed it fundamental for the
United States never to take active part in the
quarrels of Europe, Their politiow interesia
are entirely distinct from ours, Their mutual
jJealousies, their balance of power, their com-
plicated alllanoes, their forms and principles of
government, are all ioreign to us, They are
nations of eter..al war.

YET ALLIANCES ARE SOMETIMES DESIRABLE.

From a Private Letier Written in 1778.

If there could have been a doubt before as to
th: event of the war, itis now tota'ly removed
by the interposition cf France and the generous
all.ance she has entered into with us,

From a Letier to Robert Livingstone, 1802.

The day that France takes posses-in of New
Orleans seals the union of two nations, who, in
conjunction, can mainta n exclusive possesion
of the oovan. From that moment we must
marry ourtelves to the Brit.«h fleet and pation,
We mustiurn all our attention to a maritime
force.

with

NO KiNGS ON THIS CONTINENT,

From a Letter to James Monroe

TI rejoioe to learn that Iturbide is a mere usur-
per, and slenderly supported. Although we
have noright to intermeddle with the form of
government of other nations, yet it is lawful to
wish to see no em: erors nor kings in our hermi-
sphere, and that Bragilas well as Mexico will
homologize with us

A WORD TO THE BRYANARCHS
From a Letter to John Hollina, 1811.

ere ~ Mees SEATON RT eT vr ;
THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST’ 19, 1900, ~

|
|

Our failing into anarchy would dee de forever |

the des ines of mank.nd and seal the politiaal
heresy that man is incapable of self-govern«
ment,

ANGLOMANIA

From a Letter to HG. Spafford, 1914.

I fear nothing for our liberty from the as
saults of force; but I have seen and felt mich,
and fear more from English books, English
prejudices English manners, and the apes, the
dupes and designs among cur professional
crafts, When [ jook around me for security
against these seductions | find it In the wide
epread of our agricultural citizens, in their un-
soph sticated minds, their independence and
the'r power, if called on, to crush the Humiste
(iories} of our cities; and to maintain the
principles wi.ich severed us from England.

ANGLOPHOBIA,

From a Letter to James Madiaon, 1793.

The Angiophobia has se zed vio ently on three
members of our counil. This sets almost every
day on Questions o! neutraity Everything
hangs upon the opinion of a single person (Ed-
mund Kaidolph), and tuat the most indecisive
one I ever had to do business with
contrives to agreein principle with one but in
conclision with the other. Anglophobia, secret
Anti-Gallomany, a federalieme ouirée and a
present easein tis clroumst inees notusual have
decided the complexion of our dispoaltions, and
our proceedings toward the conapirators
against human iiberty, and the assertors of it,
which is unjustifiable in principle, in interest
and in respect to the wishes of our constit-
uents,

From a Letier to William Carmichael, 1787)

I con-tdar the British as our natural enemies,
ond as the only nation cu eats who wish us ili
from the bottom ther #8 ules. And I am
satisfied that, were our continent to bo swal-
lowed up by the oovan Great Britain would be
in a bonfire jrom one end to the other,

AMERICA IN THE OCEAN.

From a Letter to Wiliam Short 1801,

The day is within my time, as well as yours,
when we may say by what laws other nations
6 ial] treat us on the seas,

From a Letter to Henry Dearborn, 1810.

It has now been some vears that l am perfectly
satisfied that Great Britain's intentions have
been to claim the ocean as her conquest, and
prohibit any vessel from navirating it butat
such a tribute as may enable hor to keep up
such a standing navy as will majitain ber
dominion on it, She has hauled in, or iet her-
eelf out, been bold in hesitating, according to
occurrences, Out has in no situation done any-
thing which might aimount to a relinculshment
of her intentions,

From a Letter to the Lammany Society, 1908,

The coean, |. ke the air, fs the common birtb-
rig).t of mankind

JEFFERSON ON THE SUBSIDY BILL,

From the Second Annual Message, 1802.

To maintain comimeroe and navigation in all
their lawful enterprises is one of the andmarks
by which we ure to guide ourselves in all our
proceeding».

From a Report on Commerce and Nevigation, 1794,

Should any nation, contrary to our wishes,
suppose it may better find its advanvage by
coutinulng ite system of prohibitions, duties
and regulations it behooves us to protect our
citizens, their commerce and navigation by
counter prohibitions, duties and regulations,
aiso.

of

FOR THY ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
From a Letter to President Monroe, 1828.
leandidly ocnfess that 1 have ever looxed on
Cuba as the most interesting addition whieh
could ever be made to our system of Siutes.
The control which, with Florida Point, this
island would give ua over the Gulf of Mexioo,
and the countries, an isthmus, bordering on it, ae

well as all those whose waiers flow into it,
would fill up the measure of onr political well-
betng

From a Letter to President Monroe, 1823

Certainly, her addition to our confederacy ts
exactly what is wanting to round our power
asa nation to the point of it utinost interest.

From o Letter to President Monroe, 1823.

Cuba alone seems at present to hold upa
spec! of war to us. Lta possession by Great
Br.tain would indeed be a great calamity to us
Could we induce herto Jo!nugsin guarantee-
ing ts independence against all the world,
oxo*pt Spain, it would be netrly as valuble to us
as if it were cutown. But, should she take tt,
l would not immed'ately go to war for 't; be-
cause the firet war on other accounts will give
it to us; or the island wil give itself to us when
able to do #0,

JEFFRRSON AND THE BANKS,
From a Letter to John Adama, 1814.

I have ever been the exvem: of banka, not
of those discounting for cash, but of those
fo.sting thelr own paper into ctreniation, and
thus banishing our cash, My zeal against thow
institutions was *«o warm and open atthe
establishment of the Bank of the United States,
that I was derided asa maniac by the tribe of
bank-mongers, who were seeking to fileh from
the public their swindling and barren gains.

From a Letter to Thomas Leiper, 1823.

I do notknow wh*ther you may recollect
how loudly my voice was raised against the es-
tabishment of banks in the berinning, but like
that of Cassandra it was not listenedto, I wae
set down as a madman by those who have since
been victine to them, | litte thougnt then how
much I was to suffer by them myself; for 1, too,
am taken in by Indorsements for a friend to the
amount of $20,000, for the payment of whioh I
shall hava to makeesie of that much of my
property. And yet the general revolution of
fortunes, which thease {nstrumenta have pro-
duced, seems not at all to have cured our coun-
try of this mania.

JEFFERSON ON TILE BIBLE.
From a Letter to Sariuel Greenhow, 1814,

There never was a more pure and sublime
sy#tem of morality delivered to man than is to
be found in the four Evangeiists

From a Letter to Chariea [hompaon, 1808,

I propose (nfter retirement), among my first
employments, to give to the Septuagint an at-
tentive perusal,

THE PUNISHMENT FOR PLOTTERS OF TREASON,
From a Letter to Levi Lincoin, 1811.

Exile (is) the most rational of all punishmenta

for mecitated treason
GOVERNMENT CENSORSHIP.

From a Letier to George Washington, 1792.
No Government ought to be without censors;
and where the | reas {9 free no one ever will,
A FREE PRESS THY ONLY SAFEGUARD.
From a Letter to Charlea Yancey, 1816
The funotionaries of every Government have
propensities to command at will the liberty and
property of their constituents There is no
safe deposit for these but with the people them-
selves; nor can they be safe with them without
information. Where the press is free, and
every man able to read, a.l is safe,
AMERICAN MODESTY OF CHARACTER.
From a Letter to William Rutledge, 1788.
There is modesty often which does Itself
iniur Our countrymen possess this. They
do not know their own superiority.
JEFPERSON'S TEN MAXIMS OF PRACTICAL LIFB

From a Letter to Thomas Jefferson Sinith, 1825.
1. Never put off till to-morrow what you can
do to-cay
2 Never trouble another for what you cin do
yourself,
8. Never spend your money before you have
it.
4. Never buy what vou do not want because it
is cheap it will Le dear to you
5. Pride costs us more than hunger, thirst and
cold,
6. We never repent of having eaten too little.
7. Nothing 1s troublesome that we do wiil-
ingly
& How much pain have oost us the evils
which have never happened.
9 Take thing. alwa » by their smooth handle.
10. Woen angry, count ten before you speak;
if very angry, a hundred
His EPITAPH.
Wriiten by Himeelf.
Herne Was Benien
THOMAS JPFFERSON
AUTHOR
Or THR DFCLANATION OF
AMERICAN INDEPENDENCE,
OF
Tre STATUTE OF VIRGINIA
For Reniaiovs Prenpom, AND
FATHER OF THE UNIVERSITY
OF VIRGINIA.
Born APRIL 2D
1743. 0. 8
Diep (JuLyY 4)
(i828)

BURGLARS SET A HOUSE AFIRE,

 

Ransacked Clarenoe F. Betts's Home, Then
Started a Blaze to Conceal Their Work.
Walter Reagan of 67 East 124th street no-
ticed two men carrying bundles leaving ¢&
East 124th street, the residence of Clarence
F. Betta, early last night. The men walked
briskly toward Park avenue. Reagan knowing
that Mr. Betts and his family were at the sea-
ahore for the summer, made up his mind that
the men were thieves and followed them. One

He always | of the pair saw him and ran down Park avenue

Reagan gave chase, but the thieves were
fleet of fout and soon disa) peared. Policenan
O'ftourke and Waish came along, but a ther-

ough search of the neighborhood Jailed to
unearth the fugitives aud (Le policemen went
back to Mr. Betia’s house, On looking | in
, through the basement window they saw that
the dining room was filled with srcke, O'hourge
sinashed in the door with his club. When he
got inside @ jeather bed was ablaze on the
second floor. A fire alartin was sent out aud
the blaze was extinguished before it had a
chance to spread

| bed

the thieves,
clothing and furniture so that the
would quickly spread to the upper floors.
examioation of the premises showed
every nh
ranvacked, and clothing and bric-a-brac
tered over the floors in the search of valuables

The police learued that Mr, Petts wa. stop-
ping at Fair fiaven, >. J., and notified bim by
telephone of the Lurglary.

fire

that

 

scale

A ROW IN THE HOSPITAL?

Ramor Says That Dr, G. ©, Ballard Was Sas-
pended-—He Dentes the Story,

Rumors of trouble among the physicians
of the City Hospital, Jersey City, have been
prevalent some time, Report says that’ Dr.
George C. Ballard, an assistant surgeon, had
been suspended by Dr. W. W. Vai k, head of
the medical s.af for a remark he made about
Mrs. Kate Hogan, the wife of former Battalion
Fire Chief Hogan, who cut her throat on Aug.
loand then killed bimself.The only etabliched
fact in the caso ts that Mrs. tlowan leit the
City fLoaplital on Monday last, the wleged trouble
having occurred the cay before, She refuses
to talk o1 the matter and says she leit the ¢ ity
tlospital because she wanted a private room
and could not be accommodated

Warden Osborne ane le Knows nothing
of any row on Sunday last because he was out
©! tovtinthatday. Dr. Ballard denied yesterday
that he had been suspended. fie was stil!
on duty. Dr. Varick reiused either to affirm
or deny the reports in circuladon. He = said
that whatever occurred was purely a personal
matter and did pot con cera the public

 

JONAS SONNEBORN ROBBED,

 

One Hundred and Fifty Pleces of Sliver Taken
From His Summer Home.

Lono Branod, N. J, Aug 18.--About one

hundred and fifty pieces of silver were siolen

|

it was found, bad arranged the |
An}

k and corner in the house had been |

from the summer home of Jonas Sonneborn |

in Ocean avenue early this morning. Mr.
Sonneborn Lives at 57 West Eighty-sixth atreet,
New York. His summer home adjoins Hotel
Pannaci, When the family retired last night
at 11 o'clock everything was in order
watchman is credited with having pa-ed
the cottage every half hour from midnight
unti) daybreak and he failed to discover any
intruders. When the family awoke short!
after 6 o'clock this morning ba dl.00 vere:
that ae ped paid them a pa t, Batronce
was ne y prying up @ window on
north side of the cottage.

The |

|

THIS YEAR'S PENSION ROLL.

INCREASE IN NUMDERS WITH A
DECREASE IN COST.

List of Pension: rs on Jane 30 Wos 005,520,
and They Drew a Total of 141,854,544
~ Average Pension for War With Spain
Higher Than Average of Other Wenstons,

WasuINoTON, Aug. 18.--Tho annual report
of the Commissioner of Pensions issued to-day
shows the number of pensions ailowed on
original applications during the year ended
on June 80, 1900, was 40,645, and the number
rostored to the rolls was 4,009, making a total

 

AN

 

of new names added to the roila of 45,444 Tho |

vumber of penstonera dvopped from the rolls
during the year by reason of death, remarriage
and other causes was 45,334, showing an in-
crease of 2,010 on the rolls as compared with
the close of the fiscal year 1809. The number
of pensioners on the rolls June 80, 1909, was
1,519, and on June 80, 1909, 005,520.

The aunual cost of the roll at the olose of
the year 1899 was $191,617,041, while at the close
of the fiscal year ended June 80, 1900, it was
$181,534,.44. Thus, while the roll increased
in numvers, {t decreased in annual cost to the
amount of $83,417. The average annual cost
of all pensions fell from $182.74 to $192.89. The
average rate under the general laws increased
from $145.70 to $107.63, while the average rate
under the act of June 27, 1500, decreased from
$108.99 to $108.28, Theaverage annual cost of
Pensions granted on account of service in the

War with Spain decreased from $196.63 to #169.10,
his ts etl] a high average o# compared with
the rates pald other pen*ionera, but it will prob-
ably soon conform to the general average of
Pensioners on the roll,

Tbe probabilities are that the new isla-
tion ennoted by the present Congress will re-
sult in a larga increase in the number of pen-
sioners and in the annual cost of the pension
roll during the fiscal year ending June §0, 1901.

number of pensionera under the
lawa in the years 1807, 1808, 1809
and 1000 have been as follows: 1807, 916.614;
1808, 003.714; 1809, 091.510 190, 093.520, Dur-
ing the fiscal year 1900, 40,645 claims were al-
lowed for original pension, as againat 37,077
or the year = 1s00; 44,408 claims for
{norease as against 82,148 for the
year 1809, and 4,090 claims for restoration
as compared with 3914 for the pre ing year,
[hero are pensioned 742,747 roldiers whose
service has been ren dored since March 4, 1861,
and ¢f this number 430,057, or 68 per cent., are
pensloned under the act of June 27, 1800. Of
the number of widows (227,376) pensioned
on account of service rendered by their hus-
bands since March 4, 1861, 195,726, or nearly
ov per cent., are pensioners under the act of
June 27, 1290. It appears from this showing
that there is a ateady increase in the number
of beneficiaries under the act of June 27, 1890,
Willie there is a corresponding decrease in the
humber of persons who are recelving pensions
under the general laws,

At the close of the fiscal year there remained
in the hands of the pension agents 10,042 cer-
Uflea es of all classes taxi by. the Bureau
which had not been paid, and on which the first
pa ments will be $1,201,554.58. These clalins
were allowed so hear the close of the flacal sear
that the parments thereon could not be com-
nleiad prior to June go, 1900, The average
litst payments on the certiicates issued durin
the year was $165.05. The umount of fees pal
to attornes during the year, by deducting
same from the allowances for pension, was
$5\7.370.52, an increase over the sear 1890 of
$40,406.72.

The tota
several

 

 

NEW GOVERNMENT OF PHILIPPINES.

Commission Peady to Take Hold Sept. 2
~Rebeiilon Practioally Over.

WASHINGTON, Aug 18 —RSecretury Root hus
received from Judge Tuft, President of the
Philippine Commission, a notification that the
comnilssion will be ready to useume control
of the civil administration of the Philippines
Sept 1, a provided for in the instructions
Bent to the commission just before sailing from
bun Francisco for Manila ‘This notification
has been the subject of tome consideration on

the purt cf the President, to whom the Secre-
tary of War has presented copies of recent
reports from the commission and letters from
Judge lalt Ali these letters show that the
Filipino fusurrection, properly e*peuking, no
longer exists A luree Lumber of prominent
insurgeute are now making proposals of peace,
and some of the insurgent army officers have
gwured Gen MacArthur that they will do ull in
thelr power to persuade Aguinuldo to abundou
Lostilities and consent to the American terms
of peaco Judge Taft's letters report a sure
prey large number of the insurgents as
saving uccepted the terms of the President's
alnnesty prociumation

Gane of the sst communications from Judge
Taft was read at the Cabinet meeting of Thurs
day and was followed by a we@neral discussion
of the situation in the Philippines, Cabinet
oMoers say that the letter was personal, and
while in evers way encouraging it could not
be made pubite at this time, as {t cives informa
tion in regard to the pians for the commission
in taking charge of the civil administration of
the island The commission will gradually
substitute muruecipal governments under their
Cirection for rm ar) control and will estab
lish good schools and courts

 

  

 

 

   

 

Election of McKinley Will Pring Peace to the
Philippines.

Sr. Pavi, Minn., Avg. 18
Vo.unteer artay offle:r who
Phillopines alter his discharge a year ago, re-
turned home to-day. He says that with the
election of McKinley the nou reetion will eol-
apse Foesrf the Adminivtration keep alive
the hostility by pronhesving Bryans eloction
andt e withdrawal cf the Unit d States troops
from the Philippines.

Fverett Foster a

   

   

Army and Navy Orders,

WASHINGTON Aug.
orders were issued to day

Pav master W. J. Littell, toduty on Kearsarge

Poymaster S. McGowan from the Kearsarge to
home and waltorders ‘

P oymaster’s Clerk L. W. Sand-ts, appointment to
Kearsarae revoked

Paymaaste:’s Cerk FL. Neufville, tothe Boston to
assiei with accounts, Havana station, then appoint
mentrevoked

F. ii. Harrington, U. S.M. C

18—The following naval

commissioned Col-

 

|
|

|
|

|

|

remained in the |

onel from Aug '5: O C. Berryman, U.S. M,C, com
missioned Li utenant-Colonel from Aug. 16: H.C,
liaine UL. S& M. C, commission:d Major from ,

Aug. 18.

More Power to American and British Consuls.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.—The President has
proc. aimed through the Departinent of Statea
envention between Great britain and the
United Stites, signed at Woishington March ai,
1899, relating to the tenure and disposition of

rei and persona property. The co vention
jJuri-diction to Amernecan

Consula in |

fiVs
fi; tish possessions to Gispeose of the estates of |

Aiwericins Gying int
fore (the estates were
courts, Sindlar jurisdiction is @ von to British
Con ulg in the United States and toeir | o-ses-
ions

O86 POSSe-sions. Hereto-

President Receives Pera’s Mintster,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.—Sefor Den Manuel
Alverez Calderon, the new Minister of Peru,
waa forinaliv received by the President to-day.
fie wore the briliantuntform of che Peruvian
Diplomatio Service. Alve, A. Adee, acting
Secretary of State, made the introduction, The
usu.l complimentar) remarks were exchangsd,

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 18,--The Chieigo arrived
at Montevido Aug. 17. The Newark arrived at
at Cavité, the Massacnusetts at Charlestown,
the hentucky at Chariestow:, the Lancaster at
Antwerp and the Montgomer. at Salot Lucta,
allen Avg. 18 The Montgomery sailed trom
Barbadoes for Saint Lucia )esterdiy.

RP. LISTER MAKES ANSWER.

 

Denies That He Was Crael to His Wife and
Will Fight Mer Sait for Divorce.

TRENTON, N. J., Aug. 18.—Robert P. Lister,
a well-known manufacturer of Newark, flied
to-day an answer inthe Court of Chancery
to the sult instituted by his wile for divorce
and allmony. He denies the allegations of his
wife and declares What he is wililng to live with
ber and nis two children ane provide for their
support. The auswer aamits @ lorjner sepa-
ration and an agreement by which the husband
Waa to give his wile $10,000 and a house and jot
in consideration of ber withdrawing @ suit for
divuroe against him. Mr. Jister deciares that
there were no Just grounds for jis wife's former
sult and sars he was bodly advised when he
made the awreciner! referred to

Mr. Lister asserts that he still lovas his wifa,
an) anes that her allegation that he is worth
$750,000 Is nov trué, mo Cof his property baling
helu in trust for his chiloren. He seules that
he ever threatenot to kill his wife, treated
her cruelly, or that he has faile! to contribute
to her support ainoe they separated for the
second time Inst Cetoher

 

Rody Found «wow Niagara Whirlpool,

NIAGARA FALL&, Aug. 18.—The body of a man
about 60 years old, & feet 0 inohes tall,with gray
hair and short whiskers, was taken from the
ryer below the whirlpool to-day. To ali ap-
yeurances it had pot been in the water twenty-
our hours.

ettled in the British |

NOTES OF LEGAL EVENTS.

The process of naturalization was formerly
much easier in the State courts which «are
authorized to admit aliens to citizenstip than
{t was in the courts of Wie United States. Of
late yeurs, however, the State courts have been
more strict than the Federal Judges in (heir
atminisiration of the naturalization laws
This is notably the case in New York, where
we have a stringent statute on the subject,
enacted by the Legislature a few years Ago,
providing for ample public notice of each appli
cation and containing provisions which operate
to prevent the great rush of applicants for
naturalization on the eve of every general
election, which formerly interfered so much
with the ordinary business of the courts, At
the time this law was passed tome doubt was
expressed as to the power of a State to leutel..te

 

at all on the subject of naturalization, which |

{s.a matter peculiarly within the domain of
the national Goveruiment; but up to Uus Une,
so far as we know, the constitutionality of the
enactment bes not been attacked in the courts.
It appeara that {n Muevsachusetts the State
courts are now much stricter than they used
to be in exacting proper proof of the fitness
of candidates for naturalization, and the result

pee heen to send most of the applicants into the
e’eral courte in Boston, there admission to
citizenship has heretofore been obtalnable
with comparative ease,

Judge Francis C. Lowell of the United States
District Court for the Districtof Massachusetts
has determined that the tribunal over which he
presides shall no longer be reproached for laxity
{n making new oltizens; and he has sust pro-
mulgated a set of rules in respect to naturaliza-
tion which will establish practically the same
safeguards against the improvident admission
of applicants as those which are furnished in
New York by the eristing statute here. A list
of the candidates for citizenship is required to
be posted in the clerk's office at least ten days
before the applications are heard, and the oath
of the applicant is not to be deemed suflicient
to provehis age at thetimeol his arrival into
the United States, It has been the practice of
Judge Lowell to refuse adroission to married
aliens whose familes have not come to this
country with them. The reforms which he
seeke to institute are much needed. We recol-
lect that Congress made an investigation some

yoars ago into the methods of naturalization
pursued at Boston, in which the Federal courts
there appeared in a very unfavorable light
The report showed that many persona were
naturalized without ever coming into the pres-
ence of the Judge.

 

 

The most distinguished Judge of the Superior
Court of Massachusetts, Caleb Blodgett of
Roston, has tendered his resignation to the
Governor of that Commonwealth, to take effect
on Sept. 1. He was born in 1832, graduated
from Dartmouth College in 1856 at the head of
his class, taught school two years and was
admitted to the bar in Worcester, Mass, in
1859, when he removed to Boston and practised
law there until his appointment to the bench
in 1882 by Gov. Long, now Secretary of the
Navy. In politics, Mr. Blodgett was an inde-
pendent Democrat, but this did not prevent
his appointment by a Republican Governor.
“John D, Long has been heard to say again
and again,” says the Boston Herald, “that there
was no act of his administration as Governor
of Massachusetts to which he looks back with
greater pride and eatisfaction than his appoint-
ment of Caleb Blodgett.” It is understood
that Judge Blodgeti’s resignation ts dne to ill
health. He has more than once been offered

romotion to the Supreme Court, but prevented

is work as an active trial Judge A brother
{s a member of the Supreme Court of New
Hampshire.

We hear so mich about the severity of Eng-
lish Judges toward persons on trial for crime
that it is interesting to note an occasional
instance of judicial lenity, At the Stafford
Assizes.on July 20, before Mr. Justice Buckniil
a miner named Jabez Pugh, 28 years old, was
tried for the Wiliul murder of a widow aged
G7 years, who was found in a wood suffering
from blows and bruises which caused her death.
The prisoner was 4 volunteer soldier who met
the deceased with some of her relatives and
drank with them at an inn in the evening after
his return from @ march with his battalion,
The only evidence against him was the siate-
ment of a witness that he said to the deceased
as he handled his bayonet, “Lock here, if there's
any row between you and me to-night you
will have this right into you.” The deceased
was conscious before she died, but made no
accusation against Puch and sald that all she
knew was thatshe had been drinking and
was taken to the place where she was found.
The prisoner, under the new Fnglish law, testi-
fed in his own behalf, strongly asserting his
{nnocence An inspector of police arrested
him without notifying him of the charge against
him; and this officer admitted on the siand
that he had put searching questions to the
prisoner, without cautioning him and before
any formal complaint had been made. Mr.
Justice Bucknill “denounced this proceeding

as unfair and contrary to the rules and spirit
of Fnalleh iustice and passed a severe censure
upon the officer in question.” ‘the jury ren-
dered a verdict of acquittal, whereupon the
defendant was discharged by the learned
Judge, who said he had scarcely received fair
play

 

-_——

A telegram from San Francisco suggests

that a new trial may be granted to Mra, Botkin,

who was convicted of poisoning Mrs. John P.
Dunning in Delaware by candy sent to her by
mail. Tt seems that the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia has recently reversed the judgment in
a murder case in which one Albert Hoff was
convicted of the killing of Mra. Mary A. Clute,
by whom he was employed in laying carpets.
The reversal is based upon an erroneous in-
struction to the Jury concerning the effect of
circumstantial evidence; and it is stated that
precisely the same instruction was given in
the Botkin ease, On the other haod are
told that the law of circurnstantial evidence,
as laid down in the care of Mra. Botkin, was
corlved from the Judge's charge in the cele-
brated case of Durant, who was executed for
killing a young eirlin a church tower. if the
instructions were correct in the Durant case,
it is dificult to perceive Low they can have been
jneorrect in the Botkin case; andif they wero not
correct in the Durant casé. the execution of
Durant would seer to have been a very serious
miscarriage of justice, Iticimpossiblo to reach
a satisfactory conclusion in the matter without
seeing the text of the opinion of the California
Supreme Court tn the case of Hoff, the carpet
layer, Soe

An interesting question in the law of land-
lord and te: ant is cons.dered by Mr. Justice
Hatch, writing for the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court in this department, iw the
recent) decided case of the Majestic Hotel
Company against Edward Fyre (65 New York
Supplement, page 745). The action was a suit
for the rent of apartments in the Hotel Mr festic
which the defendant had taken under lease
forone year. There was an outbreak of scarjet
fever in the hotel, on account of which Mr,
Ere abandoned his apartments before the
expiratlo, of the term of the lease, for fear of
contagion to himeelf and his famil He
claimed that the premises thus became un-
inhabitable and that he was discharged as
matter of law from ail further obligation to
pay rent. Section 197 of the Real Property
law of this State, which is a reénactment
of astatute dating back to 1960. relievesa tenant
from further liability for rent when there has
been such a physical destruction of the preniices
as to render them unfit for habitation; but ne
such case Was preseited here. Neither was
there any actual or constructive eviction by
tue landlord, nor any negligence on hi part
which would justify @ surrender of the apart.
ments by the tenant, On this last point, Judge
Hatch saye: “We doubt not. if the landlord
was guuty of affirmative negligence, or neg-
ligeuly suffered acts to be done by which a
contagious disease was introcuced into a
thickly populaied hotel or tenement house,
or upon the breaking out of a contagious dis.

ease upon the premises, if he, retai ing aid
exercising @ KeneTal Control over the pubis
parts of the house should negligenth, out to
take precautions to prevent the spread of the
epidemic, or otherwise to protect the tenacts
from contagion, when the means lav within
hit never to do 60, a case might be made which
wo

of the

wea

|

id avail as a justification for a surre OEF'S “
§ * under | D™ E'S ‘Roxana,

 

Doutitlier bros
West 23ra Street.

ADVANCE SALE
FRENCH

Flannel Waists.

New Fall Styles in 30 differ-
ent colorings, handsome
and desirable,

°2.90

Exceptional Value.

 

70 BUNCO ITALIANS.,

 

Working the Handkerchief Game—Two Mea
Arrested on Suspicion,

‘Two men giving the names of Paul Belzer
and George Edwards, but who refused to tell
where they live, were arrested at the North
German Lloyd steamship dock at the foot of
Amity street, Brooklyn, yesterday, charged
with attempting to obtain money from (g@norant
Italians by swindling practices. Many corm-
plaints have been made to the police recently
about confidence men who have fleeoed Italians

and others out of whatever money they have
saved in this country, but in almoat every
case the swindle was not discovered until the
victims were aboard the steamors,

Detectives Vachr isand Stoddard of the Brook-
ye Central Office were detaued on the case,

hey arrested Belver and Ldwards as they
were talking with three Italians who were about
to sail for their native country. When searched

at the Amity street estation a ome-
thousand-doiiar Confederate bill was
found on Ldwards and beth he and

Belzer had considerable jewelry with the kind
of handkerchiefs used by the contidence men
in carrying out their operations, ‘lhe prisoners
were arraigned before Magistrate Bristow
in the Butler street police court and held for
examination on Tuesday.

The plan of the confidence men, it ts said, is
to pick up an acquaintance with an Ttallan
who has secured passage on an outgoing steamer
and get him to trust his money with them.
A compact is made and the victim places his
money in « handkerchief with that of the ewind-
lers. To inspire his confidence be is made cus-
todian of the fund, but by tim-flam panipule
tion another handkerchief is substitu for
the one containing the money.

ENGUELITE LOST CASH AND JEWELRY.

Some Other Man Presented the Check at Bath-
house and Got the Envelope.

Solomon Shapiro was arraigned in the Flush-
ing police court yesterday on complaint of
Israel Semachowitz, a hotel keeper of 60 De
lancey street, Manhattan, who charged him
with grand larceny. Shapiro had charge of
the bathing pavilion where several members
of the Engel Association, including Bemae

chowiiz, went in bathing on the day of the
outing. According to Semachowtiz's com-
piaiut he deposited a watch and chain an
diamond ring and money to the amount o
$30 with Shapiro, receiving In exchange a

numbered metal eneck. Later, when Sema-
chow.(z went to get his money and valuables,
he found that another person had got there

first. “hajiro asserted that this person hee
presented the right numbered check for. the
va'uables and they were turned over to him,
according to the custom of the place. This
explanation didn’t satisfy Semachow!tz, who
had a warrant issued for Shapiro's arrest. The
examination was adjourned until next week.

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURB ALMANAC—THIS DAY.

Sun rises......6:12 | Sun sets 655 | Moon rises. 12:00
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY.
Sandy Hook...2.32 | Gov. I'd ..8:04| Hell Gate.....4:57

Arrived SA? URDAY, Aug. 14

8s St. Louts, Mills, Southampton, Aug. 11,

Ss European, Bertie, London, Aug. 5.

Ss Philade!nhtan Kenney liverpool, Aug. &
Ss Trave, Christophers, Bremen, Aug. 0.

Ss Consuelo Watson, Hull, Aug. &

Ss Wilkommen, Schaefer, Swinemunde, July 81.
S. Hom rie Kerr. Iquiqve, May 21.

S- Si guranes, Kogers Campeche, Aug. 8.

S J:mestown, Tanley, Norfolk, Avg. 17.

S< iro quots. Kemble, Ja ‘tsonvtilie Aug. 15

Ss City of Augusts. Daggett, Savannah, Aug. 1@
SF Paso, Bo: ¢. New Orleans, Aug. 13.

Ss Old Dominion, Durkee, Boston, Aug. 17.

Ship Madagascar, Smith, Hull, July 4

Sitp Claverdon, Kelway, Antwerp, July @

 

 

APRIVED OUT.
Ss Comnanta, from New Yor! at Liverpool
Ss Kensington, from New York, at Antwerp.
SAILED FROM FOREIGN PORTS
Ss Umbria, from Livernoo! far New York.
Ss New York, from Southampton for New York.
Ss Ke'ser Friedrich fr m Cherbourg for New Vork,
Ss |.'Aquitalne, from Havre for New York.

OUTGOING STRAMSHIPS

Seti To-day.
Malis Clotea Vessed Safle
Kaiser WithelmIl., Naples. ..sseee ane 1000AM
Sati To-morrow.
Iroquois, Charleston. .cc6e cece sooPp mM
Sat! Tuesday, Aug. 21,
Comrie, Liverpool SO0OAM 1200M
Kateertn Maria Thercasta,
Rremen 709AM 1000 AM
Finance, Colon G30 AM 100PM
El Mar, New Orleans eeee ‘| so0PM

 

INCOMING STEAMSHIPS

 
    

 
   
 

 

 

 

 

Due T> day
Macedonia Shields July 28
Hor!ton Hambur Ave
La Lorraine Havre Ava. tl
Pawnee . Gi bralte Ave 6
Gran gense . Pata Ave. 7
BUR cen LOE DEUELER ‘ . Barbados. Aug. 18
Due Tomorrow

Friecland...cecee - Antwern. ..coee...- Aum. Ot
Fthionla #4 6e0esens Giascow . Avs @

arndam a Rotterdam... Aur. 9
Ceviec aeeevevencaee sm tet eniaces 10
Westhurn Ss eb coveeeees Cihaattar A
Ph ‘adelphtas Sen Juan 15
Louls'ena New Orleans. 15
Fl Sud New Orleans 1s
Colo ado Brun wielt ...... a7
Seminvle geen’ Jacksonville...... Au®. 17

Due Tursday, Aug. 21
Minnehaha . London. ...-+00.... AUG. 18
Helgravin Hamburg.... Aug 0
Sar iinian GIS" ZOW 46 weveee AUB. 0
Athos = arated Po:t Limon Avg 14
Hudaon.... overes . Colon «Auge 14
liue Wednesday, Aug. 22
Majestic qeeecets eer RaNOTOO sees AtOW. 15
Jersey CUP. ..sesses Swonsta .ccesee, Ang 8
Boffon St Lucla Aug. 15
Alos ; ‘amon cocess, AUG, 19
Viderado geveee New O-leans .oeeeeAue. 17
Concho se . Galverton Aug. 15
Due Thuredoy, Aug 23.

Friedrich der Grosse. Bremen Ang. 14

   

Bonn.

HORAN.—On Saturday, Auge 14 1999, at Filen-
ville, Ulster Co., N. ¥., to Mra John F. Horam, @
daughter.

 

MITCHELL,—At his residence, 2038 West 1924 at.,
New York city, David Mitchell, aged 54 yeara
Notice of funeral hereafter.

PENDULETON.—At hts residence, Franklin ond
Pendleton ava, New Hrighion, Sta Island, on
Saturday, Aug. 14,10 °°, Joh Montgomery Pen
dieton, in the 66th year of his age.

Funeral from hislate residence on Monday, Aug
20, 1900,at11 A. M. boat leaves foot of White
hall st, Manhattan, at 1) A. M. Intermentat
Woodlawn

 

4 a KENSICO CEMETERY —Private etation, Har
lem Ra lroad: 43 min ‘es’ rile fron the Grand

Central Lepot. (tice. 1d meet a24 at,

ee ED

New Publications,
ane AN ttt
TO ALTHORS AND WTERRS,
Wanted & fom a eirele of unknown writere¥and
ha monthly p ewoand di loclgi{nes
1 and iw sh etl sir mth y. membership
$4. manuseript ‘ murmurs. enclose 8% for
v iptivd aud ful ‘lars MASON PU}.
LISHING © O., Koom 2 ‘broadway. Ne@w Yorx.

‘Noll Flanders,” ApaTelus's
av.

 

  
    

 

“Golden Asa," Voltaire. PRATT 161

+