/

   

TALK OF HARNESS HORS

w. ¢, BRANE fe STILL INTERESTED IN
;HFe PERF ORMANCES OF THE TROTTER,
mer Owner of Red Wilkes and the
r of Jape Telle of the Sale of Red
pointer to Ba Tipton for 62.60—Promise
ot Great Sport at Goshen's Meeting.

jdetime trotting horse man remembers
Prance, Who Was one of the moat prom!-
in the game a few years ago While
not pow actively engaged in breeding
ing Ha@ht harness horses, he watches
ta keenest interest every thing that is
the trotting world
at the Sturtevant House yesterday he was
aod bright as @ youngster, The
joalt lenfently with him and he
oke as Vigorous as he did adecadengo ‘The
aho formerly owned the noted etre, Ked
and many others of the Wilkes breed,
‘ ev Allieand Harry Wilkes, tosay nothing
ted horses, likes to talk about the
(merican trotter, which he stoutly maintains
lathe greatest horse in the world
I have not attended a race meeting far
home for some time,” he said to a
reporter of THE Sun, “but thia year I want
to go to Hartford, Not so much on account
es, although I still enjoy them, but
toularly to see the stallion Jupe and
k with his owner, D. A, Snell of New
Perhaps you are notaware of the fact
spe six years ago and what is more
1 pieked him out as @ coming trotter and stock
when he was a auckling colt. It has
been more than pleasing to me that he has
gome up to my expectations as a trotter and
I feel certain he will prove @ great tire. Mr
§nell, who now owns, trains and drives him,
fs a man upward of 80 years old, and Jupe's
mile last year ac Charter Oak Park track in
qu7 was @ wonderful piece of work. I am
going to Hartford especially to see him once
again.”

When Mr, France was activo in trotting cir-
ales, be was considered one of the gamest
and squarest men in the business. He spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars, No price
ever stood in the way of his owning @ horse
{f the animal suited hiin, nor was he a@ stickler
at the price in getting rid of one wheoh was not
to bis liking. An incident demonstrating
that characteristic occurred six or eight years
ago, fe had started the trotter Red Pointer

5 and was disappointed at his showing.
oe that he never wanted tosee the horse

The For
Breede

or ‘

have
errs Tay

man
W
inelud

f¢

from
avay iT

of the ra
more part
pare a ta

Bedford
that 1 bred J

Nn,
wh take $2.50 for him ff anybody wants
bim,” he remarked to several men.

bd. Tipton, who happened to be present,
quickly respouded and sald he would take the
offer, os

“Give me the money and the horse 1s yours,
replied the veleran, smilingly extending lis
and.
wre coin waa handed over and the horse
Jaced at Tipton’s call. After an hour or two
‘owever, Tipton returned to Mr. France and
told him that hedid not want totake advantage
of him in that way. The horse was worth
more money and it would be better to call the
dea! off.

“Not a bit of it,” replied Mr, France, “I
have the money and you have the horse, 1
wont return the money and I never want to

set eyes on the horse ain.”
Red Pointer waa eold three t within
the next hour at a considerable advance each

time, the last purchaser peying somethi
ke $1,200 for him,

He afterward got a recor
of 2:27';.

Jipe was foaled on Mr, France's place near
Lev ngton, in 1804. He is by Allie Wilkes, dam
ance Patchen, by Mambrino Patchen; second
daw Annie Wolford, by Frank Wolford. Mr,
s a, his present owner, drove him to his record
last year, He also drove the stallion an exhibi-
tion mile in the same time, 397, at the Empire
(ity track last fall, Cons erable pressure was
it to bear on Mr, Sneil to enter Jupe in
52,000 stallion race of the New England
tting florse Breeders’ oclation at Read-
d not oonsider the

 

  
 

 

ville; but the veteran wo!

idea for @ moment. fils reason was t he
was too far advanced in years to drive tn face
with so many contestants and he-would not

allow any other man to get up behind his horse.
It waa {ntimated, however, that if Jupe was
right at the tine, @ match race meht be ar-
ranged with the winner of 9 big stake,
Secretary A. J. Moore, of ¢ range County
Driving Park Asso 3 feesrephed yester-
ca, that Go<hen ts fast up with crack
orees and poted driv to compete for the
purses and houors at trotting meeting this

week

“pverything,” sa fe M “points
greatest sport sean In tet For 10 yeare® me
de

Indications are t! @uaran vents
wi have large of servers of Such ex-
cellent character close tents are
most certain to the t. ™* Arden

bee ve Mt tae glake, guaranteed
by former Benator Jo . MoCarty; Gen,
B. F, 6 the

racy’s Stak Orange County
Driving Park’s Stak will be entertaining
features. The late c events have also
fled with some of the horses eligible
to the various .

All the plungers were almost cast into the
throas of nervous tion over the pacing
race at Glens F 2 t Thursday, when
Searchlight took th breath away by ad-
miulstering a cecisive beating to tis early

stable companion, Anaconda. The specula-
ve boys fave been watehing these noted
scewheelers ever since the Columbus Grand
Qroult meeting, kno they would come
together at Glens Falls, and had lald their
wires for a “killing.” The wise ones who
cw spit se00nJ-tLimers wore
hand every time Searonlight was

out for work ou the Columbus track and the
fastest time they could catch him in was 2:10
At the Buffalo meeting the great California
acer was even worsé, Apparently the pest

» could do was 2:14. 80 when the campaign
reached Giens Falls the talent felt they had a
cinch up their sleeves that would pet them
all Kinds of money. They knew that Ana-
conda is almost always in good shape and
with the oyclonio Mchenry in the sulky there
Was no chance for the combination to be beaten.

ey made Anaconda a 2 to 1 favorite in the
Dools before the start.

McHeury sent Anaconda after the first heat
from tha stand, but Golden made a great drive
with the little hoppled pacer, Frank Bogash,
and beat him through the stretch, something
that Is seldom done to the Californian. Ho-
uh few to the wire an open length ahead
of the favorite in 2.07.

The roeult of this heat was a
for the plungers. They rushed to the poal
stand and hegan to hedge, making Hodash
@5 to 4 favorite, Searcilight’s victory in the
second heat whipsawed the plupgers aud
they began to pick up Searo leht tiokets.
In the third heat their original favorite, Ana-
conda, won going the last quarter in $0
seconds, the only very fast quarter in the race,
and the mile in 206%. Thebettors we

 

founded for a time and then rerurned to ar
rat lan and play Anaconda to fhe limit,
ut Knap MoCartiy oarried Searoblight te

@ front and won the race.

Will Logan, Jr. reached the olty vesterday
morning from Glens Falla. He said he never
aw the circuit followers insuch a quandary
Os the 2:04 pace placed them.

| W. B Farmer's bay
| ton against the matinee record of 2:12',, covered @

 

| with further honors atill in sight, as he will re-
turn in time for the important English fall

 

'

| ti
on | but it turn
taken F

| tha

| ott some horses,’ as he says,
if

 

ES, |

 

 
  

  

Wonderful W Ine
finish, with Spira Sprague second. he

ond beat went w the latter Dut

that Cresara settled down and landed jhe next o

the Orst heat

   

ikea capturl oloee

heatyand the race. Inthe 2:17 trot the pom wero
even more jumbled up than in the previous ra
guiek Silver won the Orst two heale to excelling
vishes with Huuterbill Number tight came to the
front in the third beat, and then Hilt, Jt, way firey
under the wire in each of the ther following heats
Summaries
2°20 class, trottin urse, $100
Cw ata. b, f, by fie Kted (Piwell 64311
Wonderful Vilkes, oh «. (Riehmond) } ‘ ° 2 ;
Spira Sprague, bh m, (Murray)
Schiry,eo. & (Soule) y 5 432 ; 6
Vetta Wiles, bik, m. (ifanaon) 8646464
Baby Boy, b. ©. (Green 66666
Time--¥:80, 2.28%, 2:20, 2:204, 2:30.
nitivg Sans, roiling: purse 8300 14
op. Jr, bik, a, by Hilltop (Ee
we! oro oe kb
Qulek Sliver, gt ¢ (Swan) 116665 2
Number Bight, b @. (Hiehmond) $413 3 38
Hunierhol bg Chumphrey ville) 2238 2 6f0
Debut. b &. | Foster) 465 & 2¢f0
Baker, bg. (Cowee) 6h 4 4.4170
Time~2:28'4, 2:2. 44, 2:22%4, 2:28 2.224, 2:24.

Terrill S. Makes a New Record for Nashaa,

NASHUA, Aug [4.—Four races were pulled off
this afternoon at the Na.bue Driving Park. The
talent got the greater partof the money tn the pool
bos, three of the favorites winning easily The track
record of 2:12\4 was lowered a quarter of 4 seoond by
the pacer lerrilis. Summaries

2:20 class, pacing: purse $301
Gloria, bom. by Ethan Wilkes (Perrell). ..++
Mars Chan, bo g. (MeDonald eeeeeee
Tivnood, bh « (ros ‘
Walter R. ch. g. (itiel)
Jim Mace bg. (Cox
Datsy Belle, eh, m. (Johnson)
Capt Jack, b. g. (Hayes reeeeeeyeee

Time=2 ule, 2:14, 21734

2:17 class, trotting: purse $300:

FE. Gulado, b. g., by Pistachlo (Evams).. s+
dim Crow, blu (Cox) eomeves
St Crota, Jr, bug. Sterling)
Nimrod, ch, €. (Maxfield).
Anheuser, b « ‘Jaues)

ub

Ginter, bg. (Hass). : Aiken
Bizy, 2:2014, 82.

Time—
2.24 class, pacing; purse $300

  

 

ees eo

 

een

Amokin, DIK g.. by Ambassador (Maxfiel€d) 1 1 1
Nat'C, brg. (Cox ‘ coo 8 8
Crystal Red, chs (Lemitn) 243
Fergus Reever, bg. (Evans) 4 S3dls
Vime—2.22'9 2:2244, 2:2344

Free-for-all class, trotting or pacing; heats two

three: purse $300
Terrill S., oh. s, by Strathmore (
Barney, B g. (Howard) »
Allen, ch. g. (Rieff ser eereore
Time2: 1594, 2:1244.

Johnson) of
sanssagees 2
3

 

Last Day at Old Orchard.

OLD ORCHARD, Aug. 18.—Thirteen heats, three of
which were In a postponed race, were @ecided on
the last day of the Old Orenard etreutt meet
ing. Maztie, a mare owned at Brockton, Mase,
ted the Old Orchard track record of 2:07), in the
211 pace, which she won. The stallion Willlam HM.
Moody wot the postponed pace and lowered bis mark.
Miss Duke also lowered her record tn winging tae

08 -

   

 

Z22trot. The 2.09 pace went off the reel to the
too gelding, Will Leyburn. Summaries:

2:16 class, pacing: purse $590:

William li. Moody, ch 4, by

Evolution (Palmer) 8 633619 8
Helen K., bm. (Bass and Wox

bury) tinoBeinOk Ft ates
Ituna, b m. (Carpenter)... one 3 8 8 68
Rex, b. g. (Collins) wooed 3 65 3 Séi0
Alletta, b. m. (Utton) wo? 786 3 deo
Regulus, b s (Bowser) 6 & 3 Tm
J. W. i, bli, g. (isimball) » &4 4 6 adr
giahe BL by, 2:1 Sha, S2:0DSy 818M, 21244, 2:18
: 4

2:11 class, pacino urse, $500:
Magette, b. m., by fick wen (Bailey) cccccaell 2 GY
Alc, b.'g. (Gilites) stataseees 1348
Dumont W., db g. (Ermest)..... s+ ee 22a
Joe Pilot, D. @ CUKUDOFD)....ceescceeerree B48 8
Palmetto Prince, br. s Bowser)». 3-0. 6566

Time—2:12'4, 2:07%, 2:00%4, 2:08

2:22 class, troiting: purse $500:
Miss Duke, bg m, by Simmons (OCarpenter)..1 1 1
Guenn, b. m. (Cheney) ae pee a a |
Gageaway, D @ (WAL) 6 ccccceecereenwreereees $34
Billy King, ch. s (Sanborn)......... score 8 ©

Time—2:18%4. 2:1834¢, 2:18%

2:09 class, pacing; purse $500:
Will Leyburn, blk. g., by Wiltom (Carpenter). 1 1 1
Ambulator Bb. & Kilborn)... ccc cceee ec eee eee 2.2
Lizzie Wilkes, be mm (O'NeM)s cee recs escccee eens as

Time—2:00)4, 2:

 

Aritogton Paces in 2:00 1-4 te Wagon.

BOSTON, Aug. 18.—The matinée harness racing
bela uncer the auspices of the Gentlemen's Dri: ing
Club at Reacville this afternoon was short but lfvely.
“iding Arrington, in an exzhibl-

mile in 2.00%, driven to wagon. Arlington’s sulky
record ts 2:00',. The first race was won in 4 canter
by Gusste Leonard. Lottie Fallls was the winner of
the second race in straight heats. In the first heat
Alley’s bay mare acted poorly and Hannah Hewlett
won. Summaries

Trotting, two in three heats:
Gusdie Leonard, b. m., by George Simmons (Al-
(Hunt) ‘ ae

drich) ght
nr, dB.
the? 22, 2:22

Richmond J
Trotting: two In three heats:
tie Falls, B m. Dy Fallis (Aen:
annah Hewlett, blk. m. (Blodgett)..
Burlington Boy eb @ (Aldrich)..
Dominant, br g. (Farmer) ;
Time—2:2456, 2:22s,

setae weees

sorseseee®

   
 
 

  

onan
ere

 

JOCKEY TOD SIOAN HOME AGAIN.

Returns Under a Secret Contract te Pileta
Futurity Candidate,

James Todhunter Sloan, one of the most
noted lightweight riders tn the world, arrived
{n New York yesterday on a@ flying vis!t from
England. He bore the earmarks of the severe
fall which he received recently, but
was otherwise in perfect health, having built
up conelderably during his westward trip on
the Lucania. Like the other American jockeys
abroad, he has had @ very successful season,

campaign.
Sloan's trip was at first supposed to be one of
relaxa'ion, as he had richly earned a holiday,
out that he is here under a special
contract to pllotone o. the candidates for the
uturity next Saturday
On this account he was even more reticent
+ sual and deciiued to nam® the horse that
he has crossed the AUantic to ride. He will go
to Sheepshead Bay track to-morrow “to work
nod the inference

that he i; here in. the Gntereste of the
Keenes, who have three star candidates
eligible for the big two-year-old
cias-ic, but only two jockeys tw ride.
The fleeve ulars are Spencer and Ransoh,
and the ye is likely to start Olympian,
Torm teins and Capand Bells. Eitner has
roy al to win, but It 1 ay take the come |
ined effortaof all three to beat the Whitney |
choice, {s now said to be Ballyhoo Bey. |
The r colt worked so well at Saratoga
| that when John E. Madden brought him |

knockdown |

“It was better tian an old-fashioned plenic |

tp, watch them,” he said, “Orrin Hicko}
@ entire orowd were all at sea, and theu
Fected result Inevery heat sust aboutknocled
2 ae out Searchifght had been showing so
Padly that no one considered him to have a
nanos, and really I don't believe he would
Mave been started at all if the track had not
bee fight for him,” will
. on horsemen are not ng to give to
recwus the stallion palm just yet. They
a a warm on Arion, the greatest of colt
wonders, George Leavitt, the
oreemnan, eald at Glens Talis;
1. LOU ¢ alk nbout Cresceus, Grattan Boy,
Dare Devil and Charley Herr, but keep an ove
rg Arion. Thay have got to beat lim yet
* is going like the wind. I thmed him the
ie day on the Readville track, a quarter in
i on ae fre the half in 1:014. He wo
ard ey He mule out, but he w oing easily
; Le U within nimpelt ——
. 2.00 Waa @ Wonder ne @ youngster, but as
pode ¢ Mg besa in training for on years it isa
iestion in the minds of well-posted horsemen

if he will} or
ot hs hie to stay a mile with the cracks

{n ooxt Thursday or Frid ]
‘ I ‘ay the horse world
il anew the limit of The Abbot's epeed. The
ine Wave V luntucred to send hin against
the Recderie tte tn record of 7:03 over
have tect e track, For six years trainers
rb the trotting queen's

and

  

  

 

well-known

  
 
    

thooting at

 

: . ut Siceess, If The Abbot does not
, pet colors George Ketcham feels con-
Wii a be able to do it with Creseeus
> S Ore rain the Speedwat .
fine brushing Shape A peedway will be in
1. Allle Wood Wine at Lexington,
RINcrow a
Ba STON, Aug. 18.—The Fly's Pate and

reat gue Baar heretoday. The meeting was

   

 

 

Sess"
®

6 | thisisneying 5
ever axceeded

 

|

to Coneg Isiand traok (wo cays ago with his
bta comps: lone, he made no secret of the
taot that the prospective winner of the Futurity
wasin theatring It is possibje tha! Sloan may
ve been reimported to ride for this stable, al-

jt is hardly probable, as he was the vio-

Pi & friction when the Whitney horses were
controlied by Sidney Paget.

Should Slean ride for ecme other nominator |
the interest in the «vent will be redoubled, and
great deal, as no Futurity has

he coming one as a gueming

roblem. would not be at ali surprising to

od Sloan up in the Fiei-chmanns' colors, as
this stable can now commaud more €ood horses
than jockeys.

 

Wyntje and Bee Tie for Center Island Cup.

Orsrun Bay, Aug. 18. ~The last but one of the
series of races for the Center Island oup among |
the 81-foot kuockabout one-design olasa of the
Seawanha!a-Corinthian Yaoks Club was decided |
off here to-day. There was a light southerly

| breeze, veering 4 point or two easterly, blewing

whon the boats started. The wind held

4

7s

and

—-cwo

od throughout the race and provided a most
\teresting Contest. The craft were sent over
16 No. 2 iby knockabout course. The firs
Was a vr the second a beat an
third a free n home, The sturt-
or re Wr tje, Frany £: potags: .

. P. Jacquelia : oy Pressey;

A W Stewart; gyous Rede gee Cou ders
» Senta, Dantel Bacon, {stral, BM. I.

OF.

On the first run to the mar + the boats
were well bunched. The Bees t with the
Wyntie, her ole rival. 3 er weather quarter.
‘The Wynge tool +) ‘ 6 x aig rq tee
next mark ap « 28 i
with the Lice qpeond aad Bo 2, 2 08 ‘third. ,

The result of the rage to-day leaves the com-
petition for tie henter Isinnd cup a tle on
the points won betwoen the Wyntje and Bee.

A Bloody Prizefiy ht With Bare Knuckles,

SoMERnvVILLE, A is A bloody prizefght
occurred here at a late hour last night at the
old Weet End baseball grounds between John
Millens and Barney Llagen, Jr., two local

inilist The contest was fought without
gloves iu the presence of a large crowd of local |
sports. When it was apparent that Millens
was likely to kill Hagen, the crowd ne
alarmed and a messenger was secretly de-
epatched forthe police When the latter hur-
ried to the seene the crowd had fled and Hagen

was found on the ground badly used up. It
is probable that the authorities will make a

  

mary * rowing race wasonthme card. | determined efor! to arrest all who partic |
' Allle igen paic in the affair.
é ieee
Nichols w} t ° Rayswater Yacht Clab Regatta, |
die’ eas) 3 Pan Rockaway, Aug. 18.-The annual Corin- |
m ‘nm th * 3 6 1 4 thian Regatta of the Baveawater Yacht Club was |
8. Mut § : . e4 ajledoff here to-day in tight shifting winds veers }
tae ? 7 7 ' . } .
6. i sone from ti ecoutheasterly tothe south westerly. |
Mt Pai ° XPath ‘ hy ) he ut ejsintormal a letter J, and as the!
Ir —se ch la wird proved good for Haht wogitrt oe one |
(tere ‘ i laport was enjoyed The Robbin won |!
Mave the Day to Themselves at (Ae TT in thesloop cines The Coque'te
MAR Mastbere, lof the Wionemueen-Corinthian Vewnt Club |
ty POR, Aug. 18.—Ow! | ed firt 9 for the second class cat-
M32 i «Owing tot brats! capiurec orig
Pari: thts Ona 2 if Wrote att Marit 10° fronting ; boats, and the Wemadah of the Bayewater |
Mete hlvernoon; oly those two races « recom: | Yacht Club won in the sharp.e class, with the |
ere were six nd

tarters In e¢ 2

20 trot

Tirnte «

 

| on, 6—87; WA, Flagg, v4, 7-47; A

NOPE rere ee ere ey

 

 

CANADIAN GOLF MAYCH ON.

THE THIRD ANNUAL CONTEST TO BE
AT QUEBEC ON SEPT. 1,

Final Reand fer Women at Misquamicut
~KEkwanok Clab Ahead tn the Green Moun-
tain League Dwight Wins the Seabright
Champtoaship — Deal Meats Holl wood,

Jerrengon, N. , Aug. 18. The spirit of the
eame outweighed all maternal considerations
in the women's tournament of the Waumbek

Nolf Club to-day: and in the final mateh Mrs

Andrew B. Cobb, Newton Golf, beat her four-

teen-year-old daughter, Miss Cobb, of the same

club, by & up and 2 to play, winning the hand-
some Wauimbek cup, the chief prize of the tour.
nament. In the second division, for the Jofler-

#on cup, Migs Lowlie May, Lakewood Golf

her match and the prize by defeating Mrs

James C. Church, Knickerbocker Goll, by tup

It was one of the many clove matches of the

season and an open question until the home

@reen, so that both sides came in for deserved

congratulations, In the afternoon a visiting

team from Intervale tried conclusions with

Waumbek, which has won every team match

played in three seasons. The totals tavored

Waumbek by 31 to 2, the visitors taking but one

won

match. The scores

Waumbek—Fdward M. Dalley, 0; Francis ©. Rob-
ertson, 9: W. KB. F. Moore, 5; E. M Stoehr 2; J
Whitney Baker, 13; William T. Kaufman, 2, Total,

$i.

Intervale—R. B, Williams, 9; Paul Clay, 2; C. W.
Upham, 0; George Richards, 0; Perey Goodale, 0;
W. R. Richards, 0. Total, 2.

Next week {is big with golfing promise, with
Rarry Vardon here on Monday and luesday,
the play-off of the Cobb coup tie on Monday and
the men’s open tournament throughout the
week.

 

The annual match for the championship of
the Seabright Goif Club wound up yesterday
with the final round of thirty-six holes bet ween
A. T. Dwight and F. W. Menzies. On tho first
eighteen holes Dwight took a lead of & up,
scoring 80 to Menz.es’s 84, and Le won out
finally by 6 up and 5 to play.

-

Contrary to expectations the U. 8. G. A
Frecutive Committee announced through its
secretary yesterday the acceptance of the
challenge for a team match of the Royal Cana-
dian Golf Association, the event to be over
the links of the Quebec Golf Club, at thirty-six
holes, onSept 1. ‘The final reund of the women’s
championship is to be played on the same date,
which will keep the U. 8. G. A. officials away
from Quebec, while the open tournament at

ewport will occupy the attention of most of
the amateurs. The tearm, therefore, will hardly
be aa representative of our best players as
the winalng tea:na of 1898 and 18099, but, judgiug
from the easy wins of the Americans in those
matches, there la no need to sead an especially
strong team across the border.

 

Women have held the links at the Misquamicut
Golf Club for the entire week Some very bril-
liant matches have marked the play for the
differentcups. All the final rounds were played

esterday. The first cup, the wift of Mrs

liam Greene, of Baltimore, was won by Miss
Howe of Pittsburg, who beat Miss Ethel Burnett,
of Cincinnati by 3upand2to play, Mies Bur-
nett played in the last women’s championship,
scoring 111 ia the qualifying round, and failing
to get in for the second cup, the wilt of the
Women's Golf League of Niladelphia, by a

stroke. The second oup, presented by Miss
Howe, was won by Mrs. iomas Thacher of
Fn ood, who defeated Mrs. R. K, Clarke,

of Fall River, by 0 up and 7 to play Mrs.
Thacher was donor of the third cup, which
was won by Misa Peck, of Providence, who

ured the final round from Mrs, Scarborough

wf
of New York by 10 up and 8 W play.

 

PLAINFIELD, Aug. 18-The weekly competl-
tions forthe Presidents cupand the Green Com-
mittee challenge trophy were heldon thelinksof
the Park Golf Club this afternoon, Twomatetes
were played for the challenge trophy. W. J. R
Thiers, hoider, defeated Edgar 1. Serre!l, chi!
lenger, 2 up and 1 to go and Thiers defeated
Willlam A. Townsend, challenger, 6up and Sto
go. Thee ores turned in for the weesly had
cap eighteen holes medal play for the Presi-
dents cup were as follows:

William R. Faber, 108, 15--84; Edgarl Setreil, 97,
6—01; William J. Ro Thiers, 94, 0-94; H. B. Hib-
bard, 103, 6—v¥4; 3. St Jonn MeOuthen, 111, 15—#6;
Allah B. Laing, 119, 15-104.

Mancuester, Vit., Aug. 18.—The Ekwanok
Golf Club team defeated the Mount Ant ony
team of Bennington to-day by the score of 26
to 1. This makes it three straight for the
Ekwanok tearm in the play for the (ireen Moun-
tain Golf As-oclation cup. The summary:

Ekwanok—A. M. Reed, 0; T. T. Reed, 0; James 1.
Taylor, 4; Dr. Clark Burnham, 7; W.G. Barnwall,
6. 0. M Clark, 0; T. E. Brown, 5; Paul Waterman, 4

wold, 1; P. Jennings,

Total, 26.

Mount Anthony—Chesier Ge
0; 3. McCleod. 9; George B. Webiington, 0; J.C, Cole
gate, 0; M Swift, 0; T. K. Welliogton, 0; RB. Wells,
0. Total, 1.

There were the usual olass baadioape anda
women's putung matoh at the Ardsley Club
yesterday. The results follow:

Weotty Handicaps, Class A.—H. S. Brooks, 02,
6—a6; A. F. Barron, 04, 7—S$7; H. B Gayley, v6.
6—8A, Class B.—A. O. Beebe, 104, 16-85: Le B.
Hittriden, 107, 16-91; D, A. Plympton, 122, 25-07;
H. Meirifle, 122, 16-166.

Women's Puttiog Maton—Mrs. Edgar, 44; Miss M,
B, Williamson, 45; Miss Ferris, 45

It was all medal Ris y over the links of the
Yountakah Country Club yesterday afternoon
and while two coups were competed for the
game scores answered for both. E.& Chapin

THE SUN,

made excellent use of his 80-stroke handican |

by handing in a eard which read, 107, 80 -77
This woo for him the handicap cup, besides
sooring 8 pointa for the Batchel: ¢ trophy Up
to date the points for the utter are as follows:

P. ©. Pulver, 6; G, T. Hollister, 3; F. Arnold, 3; E.
8. Ch pa: $8; H Libby, 2; G. Van Keuren, 2; F. M.
Mareelius, 1.

The handicap series were:

E. 8. Chaptn, 107, 30—77; P. C. Pulver, 93, 15-78;
B. Arnold. 09, 20-79; P. S. Dodd, 95, 12-83; H
Payne, 118, 25-88; Mra W. J lerg, 1091, 1883;

M. Michael, 87, 4—53 H. Libby, 100, 15—A5:

F
i
F. R. Goddard, 97, 12-85; J. W. Lialsey. 98, 12-86.

 

BovTHaMPTON, Aug. 18— The regular weekly
bandicep was played on tie links of the Bhlane-
cook Hillis Golf (Club to-day. The day was
a perfec: one for golf and some good cards
were handed in. The best gross score was
made by C. D. Barnes. His card was:

 
 

Oub. ...ceeee 746463656 38 6 7-46
BR. 0006 wee 6 5 63 6 B&G S 3-38-82
The best net score was made by W. A. Groene,

with @ handicap cf 13, making the round in

6:. Summaries:
W. A. Greene, 01, 13-74: S. Waller, 86, 7--79;
.. Brown, 01, 12-70; KB. Root, Jr, 66, 6-89; OD.

E. Bell. dr,
T. Brice, 195,

arnes, 82 2—80; N. Fdgar, 91, 7-*4

18—87: John Reid, iv4, 16-88: LS Brown, 95,
8—00; W. Manice 108 15-96.
©. Steele, R. H. Robertson, W. BR. Innis, K, A.

Boardman and L. C. Clark, Jr, dij not hand tn cards.
The play for the challenge cup wae won by

George ©. Clarke, Jr. Lila card was:

QU. on crceeee 4446566 4 5 6-41

In. ‘ 54445 56 3 4 4-35 79

Tom Hutchinson, the professional, reduced

the record for the course to 68, The previous

record was 70, held by hin and Vardon

Hutchinson's card was

Out... 45834583 4 4 SHAS

In. A434 4 8 4 S—33-65

4
4

andicap at the Cres-

The final for the Boardman cup Was postponed
Dn
best scores were awarded a3 lollows: Miss
Gey, first prize, with ascore of 100 for
he egh
fih ie: 6 rd was a tie hetween Miss J.
Ruseell an Miss Wickham, with 12%
Cas wou ener
feagen ¥ if the following good
eara:
soee

e middie of the week. ‘The prizes for the
trix
oles; Mira dulla Clark, second,
ceng A.C. yes
4
4

5
8

5
4

t
4

4

5

IB. .cvererers

4
, 5
The summary:

4
5

 

G. C. Casselis, 64, 4—50; Jay, § Jones, *8, 2-81;
James Rbeti, 54, 2-62; C4 *Fiyn, 88. 3-455; H
& Bow 9, 87, 1-A8; RR Thayer, 97, 12-86; ps

hett, Br 7-87; G. Hi. Pimpton, 04, 7-87; C. B

Van Brunt, 92, 2-00; 41.0. 3. Hegeman, 08; 6-90
Grant Notman, 98, 6-92: W.M. Campbell, 94, 2—02;
G. W. Beckel, 197, 12-06 G. D. Dorcey, 108, 12-96;
H. Plimpton, 112, 12--10°

Guex Riper, Avg. 18—-A_ ball sweepstake
tovk place on the Glen Ridge Gell ' tub itn
thie afternoon and was a very close one HB
Slayback won out with a netscore of 8&3. The
scores

1. B. Slay back, 88, 5--83; Clarenes Place, 44. ¢ 1;
R. M. Colt, 98, 10-85: FF. F. Siaybac 92,7 5
Joseph Renwick, 102, 15-87. } Seheffey, vn,
6--ak; W.E Powers, 103, ! ARE OG Newell, 107
16-60; Kirke Brown, #7, 850, B 1. Jobnetone, #7,
6—69. FE. Snyder, 102, 12-50; John ive co,

9-91; G. L. Coit, 101, 10-91,

SARATOGA, Aug 18

A large crowd of

sper.

ic

° Meroe ae TEI Te

   

 

ine between the rivals in the North Jersey
Bhore League series. ‘Ihe ilahts about Holly-
wood, gazing over from Lonw Branch, seemed
to be duland nearly in ecl pse jast neh, and
the men who had played wandered about Pleas-
ure Bay with faces a yardslong, The match
was a very lively one, and, until Clark came in
wth the @rand totalof 10 up, Hollywood had
the lead ‘There was a great tutnout of onlock-
ers to follow the players. ‘The score

Deal—A. H. Larkin, 0; C, TL, Murphy, 7; Hubert V
Croker, 0; Frank Croker, 5; 8. M, Allen, 9; Irvin
Drokaw, 0: 8. HM, Conkling, 4; Bland Ballard, 0; W
he. Clark, 10,4, B. Browntng, 2; John |arkin, 0.

Total, 28.

Holywood Charles I, Seeley, 6; Jobn M, Ward, 0
Mortimer M. Sincer, 6) ALS. Pint, O; William Free
land, |: George B. Armstrong, 6; B. Js. Alvord, 0
Jon Moller, Je, 0: B. Moore.) J. J. O'Donohue,
Jr.0: Thomas C, Enuever, 3. Total, 21.

a

Euizaneiu, Aug. 18 —The strong uguerega-
tionol ‘he Hille: @ Club met defeat to-day at
the hands of the Townard Country Club Tits
victory of the ‘Town and Country Club makes
them te with Hil-ide sor first piace in the bast
Joraey Assoclation, ‘The following is the scure
of the mateb:

Filgabeth T. and C Club-Thornton Conover, 0) 1
Dativeh, dr. OR. AW Wate Dury, 4. PD. Ploneir,
4, J. HK Seaman,0. ‘Total, 4,

Hiliside Club-W. J. Genny, 0; Talmadge, 1; J. HH.
P. Wharton, 0; Wright, 0; W. T. Dumont, 6. Total, 7,

 

Dick Grant Shows Pocr Form,

Boston, Aug, 18 —-Meyer Prinstein, the
world's amateur champion broad jumper, was
the «tarattraction at the fifth annual athletic
meet of St. Augustine's paris, at Charlies River
Park this afternoon. The Syracuse man was
expected to do things in the running hop, step
and jump, but as be has not hadanopportunity
to get into good shape since coming from
Paris, he failed to get a place intheevent, Two
younger brothers of J. J. Connolly, the former
amateur champion Jumper, scooped first and
second prizes, Frank Connolly, the winner had
a better actual jump than Prinatein by three
and one-hal! inches, the latter's best effort
being 46 feet ainches, J. B Connolly, who also
Jumped from scratch, covered 44 feet 11'4
inches. Privatein competed in the | 00-yard
dash, but failed to qualify. Dick Grant, the old
Harvard runner, started in the half-mile run,
but was in such j;oor condition that he
trailed sadly inthe rear, The summary:

100 Yard Dash, Handicap—Won by J. F. Cronin,
St. Joseph's.A. A, 7 yards; second. Nick Brannif,

St Patrick's C. T. A, 6% yards; third, C. Watkina,
Cambridgeport G. A..544 yards Time,10 1-5 seconds.

650 Yard Kun, ecratchWon by W. M. Moran,
Migpab A. A; secoad, B. Ff. Sullivan, Cambridgepors
G. A., third, John W. Gates. Phillips Andover A, A.
Time, 2 minutes 5 3.5 seconds

449 Yard Run, Novice, Scratch—Won by E. J
Mack, Lowell; second. T J. Ahern, St. Alphonsus
A. Ac third, A. L. Haverty, Cambridgeport G. A.
Time, 59 4-5 seconds.

440-Yard Run, Handicap—Won by F. M. Cor-
coran, Cambridge Y. M. CG. A, 25 yards second, J.
¥. Huricy, East Boston A. A, 25 yards; third, J. Ry,
Crozer, Cambridgeport G. A., 22 yards. Time, 63355
seconds

One-Mile Run, Handicap—Won by F. J. McGonagle,

Rosbury, 70 yards, second, Jobn Hennesy, St
Paul's Lyceum, 80 yards: third, J. B. Sweeney
Newton Club, 100 yards «= Time, 4 minutes 402-5

geconds

Running Hop Step-and-Jump; Handieap, 3-Feet
Limit—Won by F, FE. Connolly. South Boston, 2 feet,
distance 48 feet 7% inches; second, J. V. Connolly
South Boston, 2 feet @ inches; third, G, M. Gould,
Seaside A.C, AS feet

Putting 16 Pound Shot: Handicap. 7 Feet Limit—
Won _by fi H. Parker, Clinton, 3 feet; cistance, 45
frvt Thy inches; second, M. F Roche Woburn, 6 feet;
third, W. W. Coe, Princeton “Prep "’ School, scratch.

 

The 30-Footers at Newport.

Newport, Aug. 18.—There was @ most ex-
citing race between the 80-footers this after-
noon, the Wa Wa finishing firet, but having
fouled the Esperanza, withdrew, which gave
the race to the Hera, There was a good wind
from the south and the course selected was
from Rose Island out around Brenton’s Reef
Lichtship and return, a distance of twelve miies.

 

 

lt was a beat out and a run home with spin-

nakera, It was a sweepstake race, The sume
mary:

Elapsed

Start. Finish Time,

Boat and Owner, AM.S HM. S. H. M. &
Vera, R.N. Elite ....... 83400 6 06 18 13115
Esperanaa, W. B. Duncan,

Jr ° cise cersesse 8400 605 68 1 81 55
Asabl, W. 8. Miller 33400 60610 13210
Vaquero HL, W. Ruth-

OLTUPAcceosere cree veee3 8400 60855 13435
Wa Wa, R. Brooks........834 00 Withdrew.

Cricket.

The cricket champtonship of New York was vir-
tually decided yesterday at Staten Island, where the
Knlekerbocker A. ©. wrested the lead from the
Livingston F. O. by defeating them by 17 runs and
S wickets to spare. F. F. Kelly worked ikea Trojan
for the winners, and in addition to bowling in the
most effective style and capturing 7 wickets for 56
runs he played a fine not out inning of 22, The
batting of C P. Hurditch was also a decided factor tn
the result ofthe game. His innings of 46 was made

in bis beststyle. For Livingsson M. R. Cobb, N. 8.
Waiker, Jr, andG H. EB. GriMith all did good work,
but the restof the team falled completely. The
score:
LIVINGSTON P. C KNICKERBOCKER A. C,
M. BR. Cobb, b Kelly 81 P. Rothwell, b. Walk
H. FEF, Jackson, vb. er : z 9
Kell one 6 | F.B Hunter, b Walk-
TS. Hope- Simpson, er ‘nA

c Whitaker, b. Kel- | J. Forbes, ¢ Wilk
ly sean 3) liams, b. Cobb. .... 6
RK. E. Bonver, ¢. sub., Cc. P. Hurditch, b
b Whitaker . © | CODD... «2: sevecese 46
Ww. S. R, Ogilby. @ F. W. T. Sules, &
Hunter, b. Kelly 6 Cobb ; PORTE |
CoH. EL Grim, b F. ¥. Kelly, potout . 22
Kelly 21 | T.G. Clarke, o and b,
| N.S, Walker, Jt, not Walker os 2
out . 26 | W Whitaker, b Waik-
RK. T. Rokeby, ¢ Walt CBarocsece te 0
eker, b. Clarke 1 | FB. J. Darvell,) did
W. Williams, b.Clarke 0 | A. Gunn, not
Dalton, b. Kelly. 0 | Rh. N, Asterly, } bat
A. Gracie, b Kelly, 0 | Extras tee seeenees
Exgtras....s0- owe Fi =
_ Tota@l........ sevcereed 84
Total 97!

1 C,

The Kings County Crieket Club accomplished at
Prospect Park )esterday what no other team in the
New York Cricket Association has been able to do
this season. This they did by Infilcting the frst re-
worse to the champion Paterson team A, which was
defeated by 20 runs, after a splendid contest. The
main factors in the resultofthe game were the bat
ting of C. T. Toddings and the bowling of G. W.
Harnes. The former played a splendid innings of 38,
valle Barnes bowled with gre effect and captured
6 wicketa for 20 runy W. Clarkson tried bard to
avert the defeat of Poterson and played a capital
{nmugs of 35, not out while H, O, Wilkinson also did
good work for the losers. ‘The score;

KINGS COUNTY C C. PATERSON TEAM A.

 

   

 

 

t., Toddings, & F. G. Warburwn, b&b
Bunce ae Barnes... ssesee “
G. W. Willlams, b. J. Sutton, b Barnes... 4
Dodds aseseeseee 1 | W. Dodds. b Barnes. 0

GW. Ba b, Dodds 2 H. O. Wilkinson, b.

Cc. T, Hole Clarkson 4 Barnes ...... 16
J E Mordaun, Bb W. Clarkson, notout. 85
Clarkson ... 10 | W. Bunea Db bhw., D

T. Farrand, runout... 0 | Nugent rs 84nneat
J. Stantou, b& Hunter? | C.F. Hunter,e. Wil-
A.J. Seale, b. Bunce. 9 Hams, b. Nugent 2
A. Nugent Boyd, b. | E. Tanner, b. Nugent 3
Tanaer ‘ » 8 | Rev. C. W. Twinge,
F. KF, Fisher, runout. 1 | — runout..... 6
1. Williams, not out... 0 | W. Boyd, st. Farrand,
Byes.... cocrere F b, Barnes..... + 0
Leg bye eoeceeeion. B J. Rideing, b. Barnes. 0
—- | Byes.... ebeorecene 5
Total sneveeens Ot —
Total .ccceserseereee 76

The Brooklyn Team B had no difeulty tn defeat.
ing the Antilus by 4% runs. @ result broug about
ch efly throueh the effective bowllng of W. BK Kelly
and the batting of R, Harrand and P. 8S. Seanton,
who contribused 20 and 10, respectively. J. Tilley,
who scored 11, not out, was the only double-fgure
ran forthe Antilus, while ©, H. Gittens got Into the
coveted jist with 10, not out, for Brooklyn es B.
The totals were: AntilusC, C, 43; Brooklyn Team
BAS

The New York club visited Willlamsbridge fora
game with Columbia Oval and was treated to a con
siderable surprise by belng defeated by 67. runs.
J. Allen played a fine inning of 52, notout, for Co-
jumbia Oval. whieh, combined with the wonderfully
effective bowling of FE. Murphy, who secured 7 wick-
ets for S runs, wae too much for New York. For the
losers, 7 1. Hobertsand A. EB. Smith made a good
stand for the first wicket with 24 and 17, re-
spectively, but the rest of the team added but 14 runs
from the bat ‘The ‘otals were: New York, 63; Cu
jlumtia Oval, 14

Splendis batting by B. W. Powell, who bit vigor
ously and weil for 63, enabled Nelson Lodge lo play a
c.awn game with Brooklyn at Prospect Park. [i's
quite probable, however, ‘hat, hed thme allowed, the
oki vos would have won, as when play ceased for
day they required ef ht runs to win and had three
wis tofall. F. P. Kogeraand G, Bennett also did
4 work for Nelaon Lodge, while for Brooklyo the
bie fgurecontributors were A. S, Durrant, 26; A.
(browne, 22: A. Withers, 15, and D. Hogill, 12.

 

 

  
  
  

 

  

  

4
\ The tov ls were: Nelson Ladge, 118, Brootlyn, 111
for 7 wir kets
che Maabattan CG C. had @ Good scoring game
wiih ‘he mtelair A.C. The tatter held possession

tator« and pinyvers was present at the seventh |

quasifying round for the Hresidenis cup toils

 

afternoon, FRdmund Clueit of Troy quaited
for the finals, The summary

E. Cluett, 18, 102,84; W Butler, 16, 108, 87, @
Cochran, 18, 106, 4; W. ©. Story, 20, le, Ag
Minor, 12, 108, 01; Huyek, 18, 110, #2

In the men's putting contest the seores wer:

H. M. Livingston, 212; J.B. Gates. 2 S. Robin
aon, 2452: J. Wempie, 224; W. C. Story, 231

In the contest yesterday for the Manning

cup for women Lie scores were

Mra W. C. Story, 30, 81,51; Miss ide, 35,
Miss Fuller, 20, 74, 54; Mra Ide, 25,8
Gliibert, 44, 1046, 60.

_

"There was gloom aroun! the Hollywood Golf
Club quarte » last night, ior the team lost to
the Deal Golf Clubin the long-expected meet-

\

  

  

the wickets most of the y and puton a seore cf
A. b. Mifflin battea in grand st)le for 64, and
company of A. Backus put up 86 for the first
1, the last named geting 26 T. 1. White also
played a good invingsof 37, and IL A, Gibbs hit out
wellfor i4. The Manbattans put on 37 forthe loas of
two wickets before play Stopped on account of rain,
J. Flannery was the only double Ogure seorer,with 21
not oul

PATERSON, Aug. 14,—Eight cricketers, represent-
ing the second team Manhattan Cricket Club, came
here this afternoon to play the scheduled match tn the
New York Association with wana Bb of the local club.
lhe vistors were defeated, 05 to 85, Capt Kelly
for the visitors played a good ipalnge for a4 runs
Vor Paterson, Artour brown and J. Kerwin carried
ff (ce batting honors, the former making A total of
Sh runs and the latter 20, The local team's Innings
wes for five wickets.

  

    

  

Odds and Ends of Sports,

\leaar der, olberwise known as the Russian
Giant,” from the landof Be Czar, will make his
déout here when he faces George Bb thoeer, champion
He btwetg ht wrestyr, at (he Pastime A.O, Sixty-sixth
street and Mast }iver, this afternoon, The men have
agreed to wresti: Gravee Roman style, best two out of
three fatis [bists Alexander's first appearance in
this country and bis (riends say be wil make thts in-
teresting for bis more experienced Speseent There
will also be four other wrestling ma’

NDAY, AUGUST 19, 1900..

 

 

A RACE FOR THE RAINBOW.

CORNELIUS VANDERBILT'S SLOOP WINS
HY A NARROW MARGIN.

The 70-Footers Finish With Lee Ralls Awash
OM Newport—A Light Brecee at the Stert
~Willlam K, Vanderbilt, Jr., Satled the
Winning Yacht With Rare Judgment,
Newront, Aug. 18,-The race to-day

tween the 70-foot sloops in the series for the

$1,000 oup offered by the Newport Yacht Kacing

Association was won by Cornelius Vander-

bilt's Kainbow, she defeating the Virginia,

sailed by Willlam K. Vanderbilt, Jr, by 1

minute and 38 seconds, It was a good race

from start to finish, At first) the winds
wore rather light, but the finish waa in a whole
call breeze, aud with the lee railawash, Tt was
the seventh race of the series and the points

for the cup now stand: Yankee 5, Mineola 5,

Rainbow 2, Virginia 1
Karly in the morning it looked as if there

would be no race. There wae scarcely a breath

of air, but the committee decided to Ko out
to the lightship and trust to a wind spring ng
up. The yachta were all ready at 10 o'clock
and under tow of the tenders stood out to the

Hghtship. On the Ralnbow Mr, Vanderbilt

had as his questa Mrs. Jolin Jacob Astor, Mi

Alice Blight and Robert Goelet. On the Vir-

ginia was Mra. Herman Oelricha, H. Bo Dur-

yea, H, P. Whitney and W. MeCook were on
the Yankee, Mr. Belmont had no guests on
the Mineola, Ralph N. Ellis and Woodbury

Kane acted on the Regatta Committee, the

steam yacht Scout serving them.

After arriving at the Lightship it was almost

a fiat calm and an hour elapsed before

there was any sign of wind, Then

it came out from the south and code
flag D was set, indicating that the course
would be the triangle, twice over, the reverse

of yesterday, ‘This made the firet mark a

miles dead to windward, the second lega run,

and a reach to the lightshiy The Scout
took up her position, and at 12:15 the
committee gave the warning elgnal, All the

 

 

boats carried No. 1 club topsails and,
with the exception of the tainbow,
baby Jib topsaila. The Rainbow fet a

working jib topeull and it did good work. There
was some manc@uyring for position, more
than in any race in the series, and the Rain-
bow got the best of it, keening the Mineola
under her lea. As the starting salgneal was
made she rounded up behind the stern of the
committee boat and crossed first by fourteen
seconds, The Mineola was next and the Yan-
kee to leeward, all three inside of twenty-eight
seconds, All crossed on the starboard tack
but the Rainbow had no sooner crossed than
she tacked ship avd headed for the Narra-

gansett shore. The Mineola had the Yan-
kee at her mercy and the two stood out to
to sea for some distance, The Min-
eola saw that the Rainbow was getting

better wind and she came alout followed bs
the Yankee, but the latter soon put to sea again
and continued chiefty on this tack to the mark
The Virginia just managed to cross ahead of
the handicap signal and put afterthe Rain-
bow, after 'ashort hitch to sea. Itwas soon
seen that the shore was the right move and
while the Ratnbow was bowling along ata
rapid gait, with a good. list, the others were
standing up straight. hardly appearing to move,
Mr. W. K. Vanderbilt, dr., foliowed his cousin,
and making two good tacks, made up the four
minutes he lost at the start, and at the mark
was second boat. The Yankee was badly left.
The mark was rounded as follows:

Time. | Time
Boat. H. M. & Boat HM &
Rainhow.... 6.1 26 46 | Mineola +1 2862
Virginia ........ 12701 | Yankee........--1 34 56

On the wind, the Virginia had done the best
work, beating the Rainbow four minutes
At this point it looked aa if the Virginia would
win if she could keep up her gait. It was a
run to the second mark with s)innekers set
to starboard, each breaking the sail out as
the yachts rounded the mark. The Virginta
made a poor turn and allowed the Mineola
to run to the windward of her and on the run
to the second mark she passed the Virginia

and rapidly drew ahead of her, ‘The Rain-
bow made the best time on the run by more
than a minute. The mark was rounded as
follows:
Time. | Time.
Boat fi.M. S& | Boat. HM A&A
Rainbow.........2 2145 | Virginia... ......2 25 00
Mineola 22430 | Yaukee.....+ 2 80 65

It was @ broad reach to the lig! tship and
all the boats set their large jib topsails except
the Rainbow, which kept to her working call.
The \irginia was sailipg fast and on the reach
goed some on the Mineola. At the Ligh
ship it was found that the Virginia was leading
boat on élapsed time, leading the Rainbow by
13 seconds, the Mineoia by 4 minutes 27 seconds
and the Yaukey by 9 minutes 20 seconds, The
turn at the lightahip and elapsed time for the
first round was as follows:

   

Elapsed! Elapsed

Boat. Turn. Time. | Boat, Turn. Tire
HM S HM. S aM SA KMS
Rainbow? 45 41 2 20 14 Virginia2 4968 2 2005
Mineola. 249 08 2 2452 Yankee 25625 220 25

 

 

‘The Rainbow rounded out by the Lightship |

and took a short hitch before taking the port
tack for the Narragansett re, ‘The Mineola
headed up and continued on followed by the
Virginia. The Yoakee had but one thing to do,
to go to sea and run chances of getting a differ-
ent slant of wind, ‘This did not happen, and
on the wind the second time she again lost

round. Under the shore the three boats gota
fine slant of wind and In this the Mineola gained
considerably on the Virginia, All three boats
were sailing for all they were worth and Mr
W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr., deserves great credit for

shi

hia good Judgment and fine seamanship. The
mark was rounded as follows
Time, Time.
Boat, H.M. S| Boat. HM. S&
Raiuvow .. «. 436 22 Virginia... ..3 40 56 |
Mineola...... $8 38 SH Vankee....ece ..3 60 53

On the beat the Mineola did the best work,
covering the leg 22 seconds better than the
Virginia and beating the Rainbow by 55 geo
onds, The run to the second mark was with
out incident. All carried their spinnakers to
etarboard and the Rainbow tried her ballooner
as well, but it did little good, Here the Virginia
lost some time, just enough to give the race to
the Rainbow. ‘The last mark Was rounded as

follows:
Time | Time.
Boat HM. Ss. | Bout. HM. 8.
Rainbow ........-4. 33 40 | Virginia........-4 39 31
Mineola........04 85 46 | Yankee. we 4 42 40
It was a reach again to the finish line. The

wind had increased considerably and it was the
only leg of the course that the yachts threw
an’ water. They heeled away over and at
times the lee rail was afoot under water. It
made a ver pretty picture, the first three
hoate being about equal distance apart, while
the Yankee wasfar astern. There was but
one boat out to see the finish the Squib from
Bristol, with Capt. Nat Herreshoff on board.
After crossing the finish line head sails were
taken in and the yachts went leisurely tnto
the harbor. Mr. Belmont boarded his tender
at the Lightship and left for New York. The
summary was as follows
Elapsed
Time.
MM. S.
431 00

432
432
444

Start.
Deat and Owner HM S&
Ratabow, C. Vanderbiit..12 25 23
Mineola August Bel
12 26 37

mont : °
Virginia, W, Ko Vander-

bit, Ur 122953 5 02 26
Yauker, H. B. Duryea

and H. P Whitney 122551 599 54
Ratnbow wins by 1 minute 85 seconds

The next race in the series will bo sailed on
Monday next.

Finish
HM. S
456 23

45832 55

38
os

Penataquit-Cortathian Regatta.

Bay Suors, Aug. 18.—The fourth open annual
regatta ofthe Penataqult-Corinthian Yacht Club
was sailed to-day, The yach's had light winds
al! day long, but they were able to get over the
course in fairtime, They sailed over the trian-
gular course, which fs from the starting line of

/t-@ clubhouse to and around a stakeboat an-

chored due southwest 11-3 miles from the start-
iug Hine, thence to and around a stakeboat
anchored esst-by-south, ‘¢ south 11-3 miles,
thence to the home mark, 1 1-8 mites north-
by-weet. This triangle was sailed «ver three
times, making twelve roiies altogether. The
yao! ts started soon after tio’clock, tnclass C,
Horace Hayomeyer's impatience beat Jos opn (

Wilson's Curlew. Six yachta were entered

 

    

chugs N--A. Pinkerton’s Pinkie, Richard Hye

Gayety, J Campbell Smith's E'‘lnore W. A
Tucker's Wee Three, Aynoor Johnson's
Marie and ©. H. Cove'l’s Osawana Tha
Gayety won and the Marie Was seco! d
In class P there wer \iree eniries—De-
laney T. Smith's Edice, Richard W. Bains

Scrap and iugene Lentilion'« Rel
The Scrap wor In clase Q the entrics
were Regia H. Post's Constance, Joseph O
Low's Su prise and H.B, Post's Giggie. The
Conatance won and she also took tue Queen of
the Bay Cup for the yacht making the best cor-
rected time over the course, This cuy is held
for one vear. In class T, catboats, there were
three entries-John RR. Suydam's Wanda,
Richardeon Brower's Juoiter aed b. F. and F.
© Southard'’s Dorothy. The Wanda won and
the Dorothy waseecond. In class ¥ there were
eight entries--W R Smith's Mabel, Joseph W.
Lawrence's Mollie. G M. Smith's Miriam FP. A.
Derionalmp, ©. it. Southard’s Little Mintater,
HT. Peter's Peggy, F. Harris's Fifi and Joseph
Rollins's Graces. The Little Minister won and the
Pegey was seoond

brid@e’s

 

The Chances Are Very Mooh More

Than favorable for *i!ing your bh #:l or boarding
bower with desirable patrons, if You place your ad-
ug in Tas Sow « columns,—ddy,

    

| latter led by a quarter of @ length at the bail

| even terms again

{ing
| Th

| hav.ng torow his gig down

|} this

ea
, arf

“Ovi Ae eR tale
o '

 

  

 

 

ROWING ON THE HUDSON.

 

Hoboken Assoctation Regatta @ Success —Na-
val Cutter Crews Race.

Good management, eamooth water and olose
races combined to make @ success of the seo-
ond annual regatta of the Hoboken Amateur
Nowing Association held yesterday on tho
Guttenburg course, Hudson Kiver, Exoept
for the wash of occasional steamers (he course,
which began at the annex of the Atlantic B.C
opposite Seventy-second aireot, this city,
and finished opposite Ninety-second street,
was os smooth as glass, and good enough for
shell racing. A large crowd watched the
finishes from an excursion barge, and the
lower loop of the Hudsom County Boulevard
was ned with spectators,who had a good view
of the whole eo The usual flotilla of elu

ernft was

irse
milsting from
sau B.C. was the only organization to charter
a tug. The Nassau boys, however, mado
nolee enough for a feat when their single and
double scullers came home io front

The race for Naval Reserve cutters was the
spectacular event of the day. Two crews
from the New Jersey division, which trains
on the Portsmouth, competed, The bovs made
a pleturesque appearance in their white suits,
and the finished manner in which the winners
propelled their unwieldy oraft was a revelation
to the oaremen. Though apparently the
men rowed out to the last ounce, directly they
crossed the line the ten oars were raised to the
salute, and the winners cheered the losing
eresw and the rowing association as lustily
as if they had not pulled a stroke

The race for the Daab Challenge cup, open
only to associated clubs, fell through, as no
crew appeared against tho Rosedales, holders
of the trophy. They rowed over the course
Although the prizes were pretty equally di-
vided between the Hudson and Harlem con-
tingenta, the latter are entitied to the honors
of the day, as in the only two events in which
Harlem men met Hoboken scullers the New
York boys were successful. A good deal of
rnoney changed hands on the result of the sen-
for double gig race The Harlem and Nassau
pairs were both fancied, but Mehrhof and
Crawford, wearing the colors of the latter club,
won easily at the finish. There were neither
fouls nor protests and nothing occurred to mar
the pleasure of a good day's sport. Sumunary:

JUNIOR SINGLE GIGS

Conrad C.\Theiss, Atlantic B, C.; W. Reiss, Active
B.c.; © F. Rosenbaum, Rosedale B. ©.

Reiss started out at a fast pace and led bya
quarter of a length at the quarter, with Rosen-
baci second, belfa lengthin front of Thel-s
ihe jJeader began to tire at this point and
Rosenbaum drew up until he was even with
Reiss at half distance. Theies wastwo lengihs
back, but was sculling easily. Reiss fell behind
at every stroke end _in the next quarter was
massed by Theiss, The latter was still two
fongths behind Rosenbaum, but he begen
scul.ing in earnest and eame up on the Rose-
dale man hand over hand. A hot finish re-
sulted in favor of Theiss by les« than a quarter
of a lecgth. Reiss was three lengths qurther
back, Time, 7 minutes 22 seconds

JUNIOR DOUBLE GIGS.

Atlantic B. C —W. Frenkamp, bow; A. Undeutech,
stroke Valencia B. GA. T, M. Beckers. bow; W
Bacder, stroke.

The Valencia pair rowed « fast stroke at the
eturt and quickly assumed a lead of two lengths
which they held to the quarter. Then the At-
lanties madean effort and wained + teadily.
"They reduced the Valencia's lead to a length at
tie half and gradually closed the gap until the
boats were nose and nose at the three-quarters.
A good race ensued, the two crews seesawing
until 100 yards from the finish when the At-
lantic pair petered out, and the Valencia's, row-
jing strongly to the end, won by two lengths in
6 minutes 22 seconds

SENIOR SINGLE OFOS.

W. Mulcatre, Dauntiess Kt. C; F. Budry, First Bo-
hemian B C.; W. Mehrhof, Nassau Bb C.; Albert
Heyne, Aantio B. C.

There was a delay at the slart owing to Budry
jrom_ Fort Lee,
When the men got away Mebrhoff wok the
lead, but the veteran, Muioaire, inspite of a bad
hand on which he wore bandages, made
his skin gig travel at a great rate, and
held the Nassau man for $00 yards At
stage Budry's boot trap broke
aod he retired. Mulcaire began tw tire and
Mehrhoff led by « length at the quarter, with
Hieyne less than half a length behind Muleaire.
The Jatter stopped rowing fat! the haif-mile
mark and Heyne went into second place. lhe
Atiantio seuller could make no linpression on
the Nassau man and at the t
Mehric fl led by three lengths. Muicaire, who
blarted rowing again, Was ten lengths ind
Heyne. Mebhrioff took matters easily to the
finish and won by three open lengths. Hevne
beat Muleaire fifteen lengths for the place.
‘lime, 6 minutes 62 s-oonds.

JUNIOR FOUR-OARED BARGES

Atlantic BD C.—EB W. Krais, bow; Theo Bindewald,
2: Ernst Walter, 4; E. Norman, stroke; Arthur Fuits,
coxswaln.

Active B. C.—H. Muecke, bow; W. Steuber, 2; D.
McDowell, 3; J. Fuessell, stroke; L. V. Hulse, oos-
swain

Valencia B, C.—W. Schmals, bow; H. A. Walker, 2;
G.H. Smith, 4; W. F Grempier, stroke; W,. B..lones,
coxswain ———

‘The Actives gota lead of a half length at 200
yards, but the Valencias drew up anu were oo
even terms atthe quarter, with the Atlantica
two lengths behind. A great struggle ensued

between the Actives and Valencias,
Tho two crews rowed stroke for stroke
for 300 yards, when the Actives fer

ed
shead agaln and led by a quarter«fa length at
the half. The Valenclacrew pulledever, pound
in « Vain attempt to bold the leaders, but stead-
ily lost ground. ‘The Actives increased their ad-
vantage to balf alength at the three-quarters
The Atlantica werea length and @ quarter be-
hind, but rowing {n better form than the seeond
crew. A desperate struggle for second pince
resulted in favor of the Auantios by a few feet.
The latter were alength and a half behind the
Actives. Time, 6 m.nules 23 seoonds

SENIOR DOUBLE GIGS.

Atlantic B. C.—Albert E. Heyne, bow; A. Under-
stock. Soke. Harlem R. Q—H. KH. Vought. bow;
Joseph W. Maher, stroke, Nasseu B. O.—James KR.
Crawtord, bow; W. Meirbof, stroke

The Hariem and Nassau crews got away to-
r, slghtly in advance of ¢ A\lan-
tics, and for 200 yards they bad @ rare
struggle, with nothing to choose  be-
twee: them. The Nassaus were sculling
in more effective stsie than their rivais
avd gained a lencth at the quarter.
mile mark. Maher, the Harlem stroke, showed
signs of distress, and at half a mile the N us
were three lenzths in the lead, while the fare
lems were five lengths in front of tie Adantios.
The positions remained the same at three-
quarters. The Naseaus crossed the finish Kine
three lengths before the Harleins, who took the
piace by elaht lengths lime, 6 minutes 45

 

seconds
SENIOR FOUR-OARED BARGES.
Rosedale B.C.—A. Buchieln, bow; E, J, Lane, 2;
1. Reinhardt, 3; J. De F. Damm, stroke, F. De Largy,

coxswatn,

The Friendship crew did not come to the mark
aud the Roseaales rowed over the oourse for the
Daub tiophy.

JUNIOR POUR-OARED GIOS.

Wyanoke B. C.—W_ Vogeney, bow; A. Kneiri 2;
d. Breen, 8; R. Muller, swote: George A. Bacee.
coxswain,

L Star B. C.—L. Kaufman, bow; G_ Scbamberg
2: 7 Cramer, 5; EB. Keller, stroke; B, Weill, cas-
swaih

The Ione Stars had the outside position.
They led by a length ot the quarter, but were
the first to catch (heswell of @ pasaing steam
Jaunch, which threw out thelr e@troke and
allowed the Wyanokes to draw up level. The

Lone Stare then spurted and get om

Lhey could net hold the
effort however, and at the three-quarters the
Wranokes again led by nearly a jength, whtce
they increased (o «length atthe finish, Time,
6 minutes 84 seconds.

CUTTER RACK, NAVAL RESERVA, XN. J,
Crew 1—White—C, Taylor, wen De Wor, #8) 5.

Holland, 3; MM, Schroeder, 4: BR. Wa | hw
Chambers, 6; J. Thomas, 7; RK. Poster Ww: Weor-
bauer, @: N. HM. Porat. streke; 1G F
Crew 2—Red-—-G@. ©. Schump, bow;
2: O. Larsen, 3; W. T. Wimterbot!
Cleaveland, 5; O. Griesbach,6; A. M.
Theo. Wisloh, 8 W. Kuditeb, 8; W.
etr kes J. Lenander, cosswaln,
The White crew fo.lowed the etreke of
rfeet time and quickly gained on ite
eds were \hree leng
+, and though Wil

mile. The

  
  
 

‘oret
to the bad at t
ite had the race
in tard Coxswain Forst urged his men to the
utmost and they won by about one dosen

 

half mi

lengths. Time, 10 minutes and 1 second.

 

Vowlting.

Delegaies representing twenty-seven coun-
ols of the Royal Arcanum held @ meeting last
night at Trainor's, Gates and Reid avenues,
Brooklyn, to arrange the preliminaries for the
annual tournament of the yal Afoanum
Bowling League.

Morning Star, Adirondack,
Tauntiess councils

Pro Patria an
epiisd for membershio an

wereelected. Da V liaten, Oxford, Aler
Atiantly and Rigge wood councs resigned
from the league. The tournament will consiat

of twenty-seven councils, and will be played on
the same basis as that of inst eersen. -
President Corrigan appointed the following
oom ‘wulless;
EB Pye, 0. P. Gebihaus, RS Mager.
Pree a Wid, OD. tone, WA. Lae. Alleys
WwW. © FP Gehinaus, © D, Moxle

The meeting of the |
held sosond Saturday tn Soptemen. »

 

7

 
 

the scene as the NAas- |

hree-quarters |

much. e
tifteen off his regular game, aid ennt W:
| would not have a chanoe against Gore tn

  

  

   

WRENN GORE,

ENGLISHMAN BEATEN IN SEMI-FINAL
ROUND OF TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP,

OUTLAY

A Large and Pnthustastio Crowd at the New-

port Casino American Player Outgen-
erailed the Uritisher-Laroed Defeats
Wright in the Other Semi-final Match,
Newront, Aug. 18.—The semi-final matches
in the championship lawn tennis tournament
drow © large crow. to tha Casino here thle morn-
ing. The spectators were worked up to a gteat

point of enthusi over the international
ninteh between Gore an! George Wreon, whieh
prove! to be onother Waterloo for the visiting

Wrenn beat the Britisher after

win

British expert

n hart fivesset mateh, while in the other semt-
final Lernet beat Wright after four seta of
brilliant play

The Gore-Wrenn match began early on the
championship court with a good crowd itn
uttendunce, The weather was bright end

clear, with no y
{t was perhay
Before the pla
(ore und eve:

lid to bother the players. but
u trifle hot for the foreigner.
bewan the betting was 10to7 en
money that Wrenn would not
wet two sets, There were plenty of enthuae-
justioc Ameriouns, tho knew the “sand® of the
noted Wrenn fumily, who were anxious @
accept these odds, and bets on the Britsbers
did not loog go beeing. Gore was confident
of winnie and did not believe there was
much vice of his losing a net bo
Wrenn, thouch the latter had beaten
ex-Champion “Bob” Wrenn, the erstwhile
conquerer of Goodpody and Kaves, the previous
British visitors to Newport. Gore was slow at
getting started, but after losing the first two
games with ridiculous case, he pulled bimeelf
together, ran three etraight without much @ig-
ficulty and had 40-love on the next, though
Wrean finally pulled tt out, Gore got the lead
again at 5-4 ard had $0-love in his favor,
the game and ultimately the eet
by @ 7,ulihough he had the vantage game each
time at 6-5 aud7 Wrenn, eraftily coached
by his famous Lrother, used clever judgment

co

even

ouly to lose ‘

in hls plaw and v constantly foreing
the Sritisher backhand aide, which
is his weak point, Gore showed a ter
rife forehand drive that was generally good
for its point, when he was allowed to bring

{t off, but the American skilfully kept away
from that deadly play as much as possible,

In the second and third sets Gore improved
both in his speed and accuracy. Ae seemed
miueb annoyed at losing the first eet, but
no way doubtful of his ultimate success, 6
began pounding he bail harder and faster
and kept Wrenn from forcing his wi Naas
as much as before. The American was rat
blown from lus fast work in the
eet and he did not get. un to
net as quickly as at first, with the result
the visitor allowed him only one gene in
second set and not one in the third. Gore
rushei through Wrenn in appalling fashion,
ant people began to believe that it was @
titlon of the GoodJboty. experience of
and that Wrenn was outclassed by he
Wrenn stacke i up alittle at the end of each of
the sets wien Le saw it was useless and let
them both a He coulu not seem to Koop we
with the pace the Britisher set from the
of the court and he could not get to the net
fast enough to kill Gore's returns on the volley.

When the fourth set began, however, Wrenn
seemed much refreshed and again took the bit
in his teeth and rushed in to k{ll at every opper>
tunity. The Rriueher was beginning to tire
eomewhat. His drives began to
terriflc speed and were higher over the net an
neurer the centre, making them easier to
kul Wrenn took advantage of this to come
in eo close to the net that it was very easy to
kill the balls.

‘The fifth set was one-sided, The Fngishmen

st enough

was very wild, and could not play fa:

buckhanded, where he got almost all his re-
turus through Wrenn'’s good gen ip, to
get the bulls out of hia opponents h, nor
could he drive them fast enough forehand

or sufe enough to keep Wrenn from killing.
Gore got the first gume, but then Wrenn

four in succession aud finally took the set at @—2
after pulling out the last garne from love—#0,
After mateh Gore com

of the slowuess of the court, the weight of the

balls, and of the tlown wt the petro
lavers in walking aroun 1
Oerakes, which he declared bothered: v

Black declared that was y

Ej

sea

Jand, but the American experts who saw
matoh were conyinoed that the downfall
the Englishunan before a second-rate Am
can plaver was due to Gore’s weakness In

ort

hand play, his poor vollering and the
total absence ‘rom )is,gaine of the lob, w
ig so necessary against close net players o|
the American, tyne

Larned and Wright had a close battle on
another court. Wright’s defeat of Da
terday made many believe that he bad
come very close to beating Larned, he
not actually put him out of the hunt for
championehip. The odds were & to 4 against
Wright before the match, and these
seen to bo about right. lt was a fi
throughout, for both men ran in 2
on their service. Larned was the
player and Wright the steady one. In
firet set Wright had a lead of >—4 and o4
and twice Inter he was also within a point
the set, only to lose it by 11-4.

The second set was 4 repetition ef

'
farned finally wining it y

Summit expert began to tite & Tae
| game fell off percoptibly. W t

up for_an instant and he took the

easily, holding it safe from the start
ning by 0-1. Larned pulled himself
however, and held his nerve well to
taking the final set after a close struggle in
of the last four anne, by e.
The final round of the all-oomers
will be piavyecion Monday roornin ear ameee
will meet George Wrenn, The vee oe
heduled to play Champlon Whit for
Ris on Taeedas morning. The ann
ticed here (\o-day and showed «4

and euch perfect condition that Wt he
can be beaten by either Larned or Wrenn,
summary:

Championship eing!es; oonnt Coa)
Wreno, Jr. beat A. Gore, ¥--7, 1-6,
Wrenn wt, teat A, Meat Heo Wilgne tae +

16, 64.
KNOCK-OUTS AT THE SAMPSON A. GO

 

Billy Moore of St, Louls Pats Jim Anderson
to Sleep in Nine Rounds.

The boxing at the Sampson A.C, last night

resulted in lively sport. Four bouts of ten

 

rounds each made up the programme,
With the exception of ene contest the
affaira were finished before the limit.
Jack Gaebay was the referee. The

shew started withaslashing mill between two

105-pourders, Charley Plannagen ef
and "‘'Chio” Flannery of New York. The
round was devoid of incident. In the

Flannery put his opponent down wih ao
right flush between the eyes, Charley took
the count and when he arese be demoed
ground until the belisounded. Flasanegaste-
covered sulficiently in the next twe roands to
makeSt interesting for “Chic.” In the fifth
and sixth rounds “Chico” was kept busy
defending himself and clinched eftem
Flannagan reached the jaw repeatediy,
but the blows were too high te
) amege. Fian
cor ty the perth and Bath ronwhe, bat
not at ic down, The latter
beetreng in the last two rounds

matiers up to euch an '.
eree was obliged t) call!

4
eis aree
“Tony” Ba Rade, Ore

  
 

aol \ aahing\ion

of Brooklyn furambed the neatt

wae 115 pounds. Orr, whe te @ co yj

built vou fellow, los} a good chapoe o

knocking nks outin the first two

As it was, however, Orr got ho oeveral jabe
leed'

   

on fhe nos* aad Baukg was

f . In the third anks ro m-
self, byt did not de any harm

cluse ands, The fourth wae

Both fought unt they vearly dr
houston. The fifty wes uA
ey stu@ea! away viclously and it

tlan who would ge out Orst rr wea the better

puucher aoc kaooked banks out wi ap upper
aS © chin,

‘fwo ogloted Pebtweiehts flenred in the
ewsay.

, ey were Bil y Moore of St. 23
dim Andenon «f New York The via t was
185 ponede. least
n

te poonds heats Pee lest no tans to
er e two lest no me
om\ng together, anderean ew dew tely,
ut ogre cans ucped under
didall ibe work in the second o
derion ewung on Moore's ear an
.y Was grogey and the

the ‘a
d
Andersen did ail the foretng io

as
& ques

t.
' ? hi
z D
e ffta re fabled Anderson aa —
as gor Moore kept after Anderson e
and severnh rovods ndJlo wasallateea,
Maeore pumoked Anerson w « standettll jn the
aigh h, tut could not oon hig man. Aj on
got 4 few srpeshes in the wind, whi made
matiem™ werse for hiu in the nioth oore at
once fatlewed up lie adventage, and with a left
hook in the chm put Audergon to deep.
The wind-up was retween Ph Dwy , colo
and Tuga Wilson, whita, of Brooklyn
wolghe was 122 pounds. Dwyer
4 geeh ut ue ‘ pi ponent and W
ucke a under a fierce wo
When ther ted centre of the Re. ain ths
twe ote P emons, o
frindng whe th ”

th h
je a awuneg the right

      

out. The