—oaaoaSaSa—eE———— er

VOL, LXVIIL—NO. 7,

——

TRADE WITH CHINA DEAD,

 

MINISTERS URGED TO HURRY 1HE
NEGOTIATION OF A TREATY,

 

Tacy Have Acreed on @ Dra(t of Demands and
are Awaltiog the Approval of the Home
Governments-Bands of Hobbers Terrorta-
ing North China--The Heir-Apparent and
the Puulshment of Als Father, Priace Tuan.

Special Cadle Despatches to THE SuN,
From a Staf Correspondent

Pesin, Nov. 12, via Laku, Nov. 12 and Shange-
hal, Nov. 18.—Lhere is a growing feeling here
thit there is the greatest necvesity for the
quick completion of the peace treaty, While
the Ministers are devoting themsleves to dile-
oussing auestions ax to their own future and
the protection of the missionaries, trade with
China is dead and there bs no eign that it wal be
resuoed until the negoUations are completed,
The correspondent of THe SUN kuows that
pressure is being brought to bear on some
of the Ministers by merchants in thelr own
countries to hurry up the completion of te
treaty ‘Trade conditlone will never revive
in @ country which ts {led with bands of ma-
raudera who are unohecked in ghelr operavions,
and it would be impossible just now to transact
any business even if the goods were here. lhe
American cotton interest in the north is absor
lutely at a stancstill and there is no hope at
present for the resumy tion of this trade.

A typical complaint was received to-day
frorr Newenwang, Which is the seaport for the
whole of Manchuria. It ts stated that more
than fitty bands are Infesung the higuways
and committing murders and robbertes. ln
te:ly to appeals from the merchants for pro-
te tion, the Kussians gay that thelr orders are
to protect the railways only. The robvere
take delieit sometimes in o7 er iting in sight
of the Kussian camp without interference

These conditions are fast becoming general
and they raise the question as to the wisdom
of the clause in the demands of the Powers
that tue importation of arme sliull be prolilbited,
Among the demands ie one that China must
protect foreigners and restore order, but at
the same thine the Powers deny to China the
me. nafor doing this

it may interest the allies to know that the
Chinese arsenals along the Yangtse-Kiang are
gti!) operating dey and night and are making
amoil arms by the thousands, in addition to
some large guns. The arsenals at Nankin
and Winchow (Wuchung’) are among those
working. The Shanghal arsenal has never
ceased work

One feature of the case now attracting at-
tention ls that the heir-apparent to the throne
faa aon of Prince Tuan, the head and front of
the anti-foreign movernent, and one of the ar-
alted Chinese whose decapitation has Leen
derninded by the Under the Chinese
law the disgrace of the father is visited on the
eon and behe ding is the most disgraceful of
all deaths The question, therefore, arises,
ean the aon maintain hls standing with the
people uo the execution of his father is per-
mitted?

There ts a saving point in the law, however,
An adopted son discards bis femily entirely
and becomes the actual son of his adopter
Pu Coun, or Pu (sing, the son of Prince Tuan,
was adopted as the son of the former Em-
poror Tuug-Chi on Jan. 24, 1900, and as B10
discarded his red father. But another ques-
tlon now arises. Filial a'fection is Very strong
{op China, and in spite of his renunciation of
Tuan and his adoption through edict as the
heir of Ting-( hi, can the heir apparent—if
the killing of Tuan is tnsisted upoa—forget
that the execution of his futher was brought
about br the foreigners? It is more ‘than
Mkely that he will treasure latred against
foreigners and will be their life-long enemy
It is @ Serious question, therefore, whether
the now treaty should not include a provision
that this youngster shall never be permitted
tb avand the tirone

This question is all the more serious hecarse
the boy fis only 14 years o'd and has been under
compote charge of two tutors who were the
most rabid anti-foreigners in Pekin and were
the first persons to memoertalize the Throne
in favor of tha Boxers With Prince Tuan,
the heir-apnarent’s real father, they were the

 

allies,

 

 

chie’ advisers of the Empress Dowager In favor
of the rebels. After the foreigners entered
the capital both of these tutors committed
wilcite. Natorally the boy*s propensities are

 

bitterly anti-foreign, but unless 1t is prohibited
by the treaty, heowill surely sceeed to the throne
on the death of b.operor Kwang-6.,

Prain, Nov. 11, via Taku, Nov. 12, and Shange
hai. Nov. 12, 1040 1 M.—The Ministers
themselves have agreed upon the general
outlines of the draft of demanda on China,
but there may be some chinges in Itawording
when they hear from their hume governments

Up to the present at is not known whether
the declaration of the Empress Dowager that
Gev. Tung Fu slang will not be punished
will canseany change in that article of the draft
of the demands which deals with the punish
ment of high Chinese officers an4 Princes who
were responsible for the Boxer outrages

A hich Chicese officer said to-day that if the
Powers josiated on the condemnation and
punishment of all these named tn the original
Mat about
woid be impossioe for China to agree
even if she were willing todowo, China wt! no
doubt agree that the foreigners shall boie the
Taku forta aud military posts, She wil! not
obiect to the muntenance of lagation guarda,
the payment of indemnities and the prohibtrion
of further importation of arins, but it will be
Imposatble to carry out the death punishment
exceyt in a few oases,

It is thought here that China will follow the
sane tactics which she pursued during the
Negotiations with Japan at the close of the war
with that countrs After the receitt of the
Jepanese proposals at that tim eC) na presented
oounter jropesitions which Japan declined to
eniertain and gave the Chinese a few days to
@kree to the original suggestions

China's postion in) this respect, however,
fe better at the present time, because of the
diversity of interests represented, at least one
of whieh ts plaving as her friend. There {a
ever indeation at present that Russia is in-

eeven

 
  

!

 

NEW YORK,

railroad, twenty-five miles from Tientsin.
The British have sent 100 infantry and 100
cavalry to protect the officials and to remain

| at Tongku.

 

sapmreeemeemscneheeiiieicenimce tices iach tga acme atas atime iaamaticimmmitacmaetalieiaiaiainaaiaial
EEE

|
'

Princes and Generais--{t :

 

clined to take things as easy as possible for ;

China inthe settlament of the trouble,

A German military expedition will start for
the north to-morrow. The Japanese
rend t» ocompanies and asmall English detach-
ment will alo aeeompany the Germans.

The conditions in Pekin are unchanged.
There ia «till much killing going on in the Ger-
man section of the city, while the other districts
are pea eful

Cold weather has set In and there is half an
inch of lee In the river,

‘The Interpations! Commission presided over
by Gen, Baideud which haa been sitting at
Pao-ting-fu for the purpose of hearing evidence
in reward to (he cutrages on missionaries and
other Christians perpetrated ov Chinese officers,
and which has already condemned several of
these officers who were allerward put to deith,
fg still in session. It was given out at Field
Marshal Count von Waidersee’s office to-day
that more executions of Chinese at Pac-tug-fu
will certainly follow as a result of the investiga-
tion by the con:mission

 

ANOTHER ANGLOSKUSSIAN CLASH.

Dispa‘e Over the Cccupation of the Railway
Hulidi>g: at tongka,
Special Cane Depart) Tne Sus
TienTsin, Nov. 13.—The Kusslans have or-
dered the foreign officials to vacute the rail-
way buildings at Tongku, the juneticn cf the
ShanLaikwan and Tientsin branches of the

will |

 

Remors cf Oor Withdr.wal From the Concert
in Chtaa Produce Comment.

Special Cake Despatch (o JHE SUN

Lonnon, Nov. 14.—Although the opinion of
the press generally is that the demands to be
made of China are In no wise excessive, there
{e considerable misgiving expressed as to
whether they can be enforced. The doubts
are based mainly on two points, namely, the
hy pothesis that China may refuse to grant the
demands, and the attitude of the United States
as reported in the latest despatches received
here.

As regards the former regret is expressed
in 4ome direstions that the note is to be de-
seribed as an (rrevooable decision, and the wish
is expressed that the Ministers had ke; t rore
prominently tn thelr minds the necessity for
restoring peice and trade. The craphte con-
tend: that it will only be cutting off the nose
to spite the face if China is reduced to a con-
dition under whioh trade will be im) oeltle
Other papers ask what will happen if China
ignores or refuses to comply with the wre
voouble devisioa and no common sense answer
ig forthooming, although the Telkgraph de-
alares thatin such a case the dynasty will never
reign again in Pekin, nor long elsewhere

‘The possibility of the United State
drawing from the concert is a prospect that
fe little to the tasta of the newsparers here
The Standard disinisses the reports that the
pepular demand in the Luited States is that
the Washington Government dissoctate itself
from the Powers by saving that “Ameri an
opinion on the Chinese problem is of too un-
certala a quality to be considered seriously.”
This, however, {s not the universal view

The Morning Poet, while admitting that it ts
unwise to draw too hasty conclusions from
unofficial reporta, nevertheless displays un-
easiness and seeme to regard the reported
attitude of the Washington Government as
unreasonable. It suggests that if the Armeri-
cans do not wish indemnity for the wrongs
done to thelr fellow citizens and the outlay
already Jncurred, they ehould reduce the total
by renouncing the share to which they might
be ontided. It adds:

“The Powers would probably be ready to
consider any objections raised by the United
States. The breaking of the concert is hardly
to be anticipated uniess the United Stutes
have In view some new combination of the
Powers, In that case it will be necessary
for the Governments of Great Britain and
Germany to seriously consider their position,
and, perhaps, agree upon a policy which,
in the abeo0e of a general concert, they may
be able to pursue in common.” .

The Chronicle adopts a petulant tone regarde
ing the suprosed American attitude. It sneers
at the State Department's elmple faith in what
{t characterizes as Wu Ting-fang's lies, and
complains that the Irrevocable decision will
look foolish If the Powers quarrel over it or if
sume undermine it secretly. It concludes:

“We have to face the practical issue of whether
Chinese fanaticiem shall be allowed to endan-
ger the life and property of every foreigner
tn China, and on this {sane it is impossible to
accept the feeble compromises of the Ameri-
ean Government.”

The Pesin correspondent of the Timea ina
despatoh dated Nov. 11, says that eo far as it
is possible to judce China will willingly con-
cede all the terms imposed by the Powers ex-
cept the demand for the death of the Princes
and officials, which it {s impossible to fulfil
while the Court is In the hands of the very offi-
clals whose death ts demanded.

Commenting oa this the Times oontends
that this point is far more important than
any other, and that the punishment of the
@ullty officials is absolutely vital and tndis-
pensavie to a deflaltive peace. It assumes
that the Powers have foreseen the dimeulty
of the Court being in the hauds of the guilty
officials and are prepared to meet it

Referring to the United States, the Times
recalls the reported aceey; tance of the German
note by the Washington Government and
Prosident Mckinley's intimation to Wu Ting-
fang rewarding the punishment of Prince Tuan,
Kang Yi and Chao Shu Chiam. It contends
that It will be neither more nor lesa diMeult
to procure the punishment of eleven than three.
It concludes

"None of the Powers de res to inflict on
any of them more thanther ustdeerts, The
American people cannot desire that they should
receive less. If this be the case it is dificult
to ege how America could Justify in her own
eyes a refusal to join the other Powers in the
steps which may be needed to secure this re
sult, a result that is as indispensable to the
prote:ton of her oitizens and intere te in ¢ bina
as to the protection of those of the rest of the
Powers.’

Meanwhile, it is realized that finality has not
yet been absolutely reached. ‘The respective
governments bave not yet indorsed the note,
the actual wording of whitch, it is estimated,
may be modified. There is muah interest in
what Emperor William may declare at the
opening of qhe Reichstag. It is understood
that M. Deloassé, the French Minister of Por-
egn Affara will toike @ wlatement in tie
Chaanber of Deputies to-day

with-

RUSSIANS KILL 200 CHINESE,

 

Captore an Arsenal Near Yangtsan—erench
Bors Many Villages.
Special Cable Despatches jo THE SUN

Ioxpon, Nov. 14—A despateh from Tlen-
tain dated Saturday says the Russians have
eaptured an arsenal northenst .of Yangteun
Two bundred Chinese were Liled

It is reported from Shanchal that the Chinese
Oourt is proceeding te Chentu, in the Poovince
of Szechuen

A French foree has engured the Roxers
goth of Panmting-fo Many villages were
burned = The Freneh lad three killed

Loxpon, Nov. 14.--A despateh to the Stan-
dard from Shanghai eovs that Sir Robert Mart,
Director of Chinese Imperial Maritune
Customs, has been epronted to arrange with
the Ministers at Pekin tle amcunt of the in-
demnity to be paid by China and the method
of payment

An Imyerial edict has been Issued appoint-
ing Li flung Chang Generalissimo of the Grand
Northern Army, viee Yung lu

A despatel, to the Vince trom
eave there ia considerable interest
tain concerning the wherenboute of the Jap-
anese iorces, Which, although not leaving the
country, are cisoppearing from Tientsin and
Pekin. It isnot known where they have gone

the

  

Shangha

SO LISS,

 

Alderman Wafer Adornos Gor Tongue With a

New tdtom,

Several members left the Aldermen's cham-
ber during @ dise ssiot ye-terday and A der-
man Melnnes (ltey, Bro klvn) offered a reso-
lution prohibltng \idermen trom going out
without theeonsaent fthec! air

‘vhere aint any tnen bors so less in his hate
asthe le dere’ the mivontly.” sad A'derman
Vater (Dem., Brookiyn), and the board voted
ine resoiuton down

 

Morr’ Casule Breaks the Necord to

The new Ward liner Morro. astle, which eom-
pleted her maicen vo yage to Havana last night,
broke the recor! from so Hlook to Morro
Castle Hertine wosthre ‘sand atout four
hours and her average «+ {. est mated to
have been 18.59 unos

Flavana.

 

 

od, indigestion sad

Woeodeoe 's Wind Pills eure =
dus tor ied wee, NY

fgiomach irocbies coc
~Ads

 

WEDNESDAY,

~ ee ee

i married seventeon

of the mecsures
' manders of
| hese
in Tien- |

rn
a

 

GRANT BROS,’S MONEY GONE

PAR‘NER JONN K, VAN SICKLE TAKES
A HOSTILE ATTITUDE.

 

 

His Wife Says That the Grants Accase Mim ef
Losing the Money ia Spcculation and That
He Will Make It Hut for the Grants~He's
fo Elizabeth-Firm Dukes Assignments.

The failure of Grant Bros., stock brokers
at 45 Broadway, announced on the Stock Ex-
chunge shortly after the opening yesterday
morning, was followed by reporta that the
assiguinent was caused elther by the dishon-
esty of a clerk or the losses of a member of
the firm tn speculations which It was alleged
his partners kuew nothing about, A stule-
ment of the oxact cause of the failure is prom-
ised by Ernest G. Stedman, the assignee, at
10 o'clock this moruing, but yesterday every-
body connected with the firm was mum.

The partners are Frederick Grant, bis #on,
Charles FP. Grant, who is the Stods Exchange
member, and Jobn K. Van Sickle, who lives at
Lilzabeth, N.J. Mr. Frederick Grant, when asked
for some explanation of the failure, sald that
he had worrted over the matter enough and
didn't mean to give it any more of his time.
The assignee might talk, if he chose. Charles
F. Grant sald that {t was utterly useless to
Question him as he had made up bis mind to
hat course. Mr. Stedman eald, “Walt und!
to-morrow.”

A nunber of brokers looked up the firm's
recent tradings and discovered that it had
done little or nothing on the Exchange for
Gurne time. It became evident that something
else than the reoent market was responsible for
the fallure, Pretty soou it began to be whis-
ered around that there had boena dfaication,
hat a clerk wag mlasing and that the police
had been asked to find firm After a while it
was two clerks and the arnount of the defaioa-
tlon had doubied and then the story oamo of

a series of unfortunate speculations Ly # mem-
ber of the firm without the knowledge of he

oa aere

he amount Involved was said to be In the
neigRborliood of $190,000, but this is probae
bly an overestimate. A man who knows
something of the firm's business suid yester

ay;

“The firm d ered that it was not makin
any money and couldn't account for it.
finally decided to go out of business, and It
was wile ol w accounts that the losses
were discovered. Papers were found which
divulged the nature of the epeculations In
which a large amount of the ‘s money
had been lost. Jt was not a defalcation or
an embezzlement, as the losses were made
by a member of the firms, When these losses
ware discovered it was een at once that it
would be in pasetole to setde up 1@ A
counta ae el the firm had been angling,
and so suspension became ni :
Vewacand at 4) Broadway thatair \ n Sickle
had not been at the office for eeveral dars
ome days ago there wasarmimorabroad ofa
defalcation In the firm and 98 N reporter saw
Mr. Grant about {f. Mr, Grant dented that
there wasany trithinthestory. fewasasked
{f anything had hap ened that could give rise
to sich a mmor and he e1!d that {t might have
come from the fact that one of the bors in his
employ had been caught ‘sing washed revenue
stampa ar! pocketing the money {ven te him
to buy new ones e firm had unconselously
cheated the Governrnent out of ahout $900 fn
this way, he aaid, but had made up the amount
as soon asit discovered the fraud.
Grant Srethers was organized on May 11,
1895, and the records of the Stock Exchange
slhiow that Charles &. Grant was atmi'ted on
that eime date, Some time ago the firm
was quite conspicyous on the market, It was
generally suppo to be handling the accounte
of a number of rich mga. among them Mr
eorge Gould, OF Yate. however, It has done
Hittle or no business or. the Exchan
PrtvaperH, N J.,Nov. 13.—John K. Van Sie!
lives at 857 South Broad etreet, Elizabeth .
Jeft home after breakfast this morning with t
understanding that he was going to Newa
and New Tork and sibly further hefore
returning, Mre. Van Sickle sald this afternoon:
“Mr Van Sickle came heme one evening
last week very much worried and after dinner
he told me that the Grauts were trylug to accuse

 

  

him of this) They had accuaed two other men,
clerks, before they decided to try to fasten [t
on Mr. Van Sickle. YI told Lim to see his lawyer
at one and prepire to fight them:
that he should not let them make
a scapegont of him. Me agreed with 16
Asa tis nee we made that  decelen, o
omiree, he lias not been to the coffee Before
we are through with Grant Bros, every-

    

will be afrer them and not after Mr. Van

bod)
He never spe ulated heavily in his life,

Bickle
Of course he nade speculative
once in a wille, Lut hoe always t.'kel them
over with me the night before He never was
involved in anything that by any rossibility
could be min up to $100,000. Whenever he mide
any investments, cf course, he used our own
monev. Mr. Van Sickle went to Newark this
morning to attend to some business for me
and then he was to go to N York. It dee
pended upon how the bus
whetior he was to stay in New York or ecmea
home to-night. He has net run away. He
{s not going to rman away, and before thls thing
{@ over t!.e Grants will with they could make
him runawat

fr Van Sickle returned to Filzabeth this
evening. He did not go to }is own hese, but
his ifs received a message from a friend in
response te which she went one and fotned Mr
Van Sickle and Lawver rank Bergen, his ate
torner The Van Sickles decided not to return
tothe home A young man, aralative of Mrs.
Van Siokle, sald after her Geparture for the
night that he knew where Mr and Mrs, Van
Sickle were etasing, but wouldn't tell where
that wat He had lichted every room in the
hose. It had been dark earlier

“[ don't want the place to look like a funera),°
he said .

foro men from the New York Central Office
were in consultation with the Eiizaveth pelice
this evening One of them was sald to he De-
tective Vallely Immediately efter their are
rival an Elizabeth detective becan seeking all
through tie hotela and boarding hovuses in
town

The Van Sickles’ home ts a large and thor-
ouchh comfortable one. They have been
veara and have four ehud-
re the oldest of whom Is a girl 15 or 16 years
oO

Van Sickle’a nunt Maria, an eccentric enine.
ter, died in March, 1890, in Newark, and left
him practically all ef her $34,000 estate. The
will wae diopnted, but war eustained in the
Orphan Court An appeal is pending.

MILITARY EXFCUTIONVS

   

 

 

IN CHINA

 

Lookrd Upon With Iitesfavor tn Washington
—Minister Conger Told So.

Wasninaron, Nov, 13. — The intimations
which the Government recelved recentiy that
the Chinese authorities had become strongly
incensed over the execution ef offtcials and
was likely to break off all nezotiationa with
the Powers rather than asubmit to more aTairs
of the sort were based on the execution of
the Viceroy of Chi-l province, who had been
co.sidered friendly to the furelgnera. The
Vieerovs of the Yanetse provinces have,
throagh the Chinese Mister here, expressed
tueir horror to the State Department over the
killing of tue Chi-ll Vieerov and other digui-
tariea, and their fear that disturbances would
follow.

This Government, it {s learned, disapproves
adopted py malliiary come.
come of the ollies in urving Chi-
fcials i court-martial ond executin
them under military law, and it is under tooc
that the disfavor with which this course is
viewed in Weshinaton bas been inide known
to Minister Conger, although the Gorernment
will not ofictally attempt to intervene, as
the punishments were infiieted by miltary
colurans of other Powers not codperating
with the Uniied States fr rome.

Gen Chaffee has notified the Wor Depart-
ment thot tie leet of the American troops
not retained as wucrds of the legation at Pokin
hive left China for Moniln, The Armertean
force at Pelin consicts of the Fourteenth In
fantr’, a ogucdren of the sth Cavalry and
Battery F oof the Fifth Artiiiers, cbout 1,500
men in ail There are no other American
troops in China

Saw No Shooting Stare,

Prixceton, N. J, Nov 183—Prof. Charles
A. Young, head of the Jepartment of astron-
omy of Princeton University, was in his pri-
vate observatory to-night untfl the constelle-
tion of Leo appeared above the horizon and,
reeing any signs of a meteoric shower,
he eave un the wateh earl. He ery that
there is only about one chance in four that
the shower which fuiled to appear with mueh
brillianey last year will be seen now.

t
not

Where Fiows the "Wadson River
There tune tle Now York Central; through the most

del giifulregion of America Fare, two cents a mile.
Aw.

NOVEMBER 1

 

a

4,

YRIGHT.

1900.-COk
COWARDLY CAPTAIN AT HAVANA, | SERVED WIS OWN PAPERS,

 

 

Arrested for Deserting One of the Barges He
Had in Tow-—Foar Men Drowned,
Special Cand'e Despatch to Tur Sts

Havana, Nov. 18.-The tua Teresa, whore
captain is a Spaniard named Ballestra, towed
two garbage barges out of the harbor to-day,
taklug them nine miles to ser, where the gar-
bage wae dumped. Cnthereturntripalawser
broke and one of the barges went adrift, but
was eubsequentiy picked up by the tug

When near the entrance of the harbor the
second bare broke loore, A heavy sea was
running, and Capt. Ballestra proceeced with
one barge in tow, leaving the other outetce.
Capt. Young, the port enptain, orcered Capt.
Ballestrato revurn for the drifting barge, which
had fifteen men on board. Cort, Vellertra
went to the mouth of the barbor, but returned
without going outside,

Capt, Young then boarded alittle steam cutter
and went to therescueof the me onthe barge,
but he was too late to save the barge, which
had drifted asicre near Cabanas and broken
up. Four of the men aboard of her were
drowned

Upon his return Capt. Young tm mediately
Arrested (ant. Kallestra and the enyincoer of
the Teresa on charges of cowardice, neglect
of duty and incompetence

Secretary Root Reaches Havana,
Special Cable Despateh to Tir Sun

Aavana, Nov. 13 —Seoretory of War Koot ar-

rived here at 7.80 o'clock his evening

HOSTILE SULTAN OF I1HE MOORS.

 

ae ould Ure Force Against the United States
in the Esscqul Case.

Wasutnoion, D. ©., Nov, 13 —One of the
moet interesting features of the coutroversy
between the United States and Morocee over
the payment of tndemnity for the murder at
Fee of Marcus Eesequ!, an Ameriean citi,en,
is the likelihood that the Sultan of the Moors
will appeal to a)! the nations that are parties to
the Madrid treaty of 1890, providing for the prow
tection of foreigners in Morocco, to prevent
this Government from collecting the tademnity
by force.

Ae ‘Tur 8cn told this morning, Morocco
alleges that the United States have no juris
diction in the Essequi caso, cine in support of
this contention Article XV. of tue Madrid treaty,
which provides that where a@ Moor has been
naturalized in a foreign country and then re-
turns to Morocco he shall, aiter a residence
equal to the time {t took him to become natural-
ized abroad, quit his native land or else submit
himself in all things to the authority of the
Sultan. Acoording to the Morocco Govern-
ment Esseqiii’s caso comes within this provi-
6i0n, a4, after returning from Atuerica, be Lad
lived in Morocco longer than tive years, the
period of residence necessary in the Lnited

tates to secure naturalization papers, Neurly
gil the civilized nations, including the United
States, signed the Madrid convention, It ie
not likely, however, that any of these would
assist Moroceos in opposing the collestion of
the Indemnity

fe-retary Long sald thie afternoon that he
had nut ordered any warshiy to Tansier to back
up a demand for payment and had received no
Tequest to do so. At the State Department
a disposition was shown to Ignore Moroceo's
plea of want of jurisdiction by the United States,
and if the present temper of the officials does
not change It ts by no means certala that there
will be a continuanoe of diplomatic negotlutions
on the subject. While in some quarters Mo-
roceo's contention that Essequl lost his Amert-
can citizenship by continuous residence in hls
Dative land ts regarded as well taken, there is
@ feeling that it le useless to split hufrs in the
matter and that the most effective « ay of bring-

 

‘Ing the invident to a close is to send an A -
| can warehtp to Tangier. Thespiritof Article \V.

Investments |

|

of the Madrid treaty ts interpreted here aa
@ring Moroceo no such rights as she clin
n regard to Fasequl, and it was eaid by an ofl.
cal that, while this Government had signed
and ratified the treaty. it had never conceded
that a naturalized American Guzen ever Jove
his rights as guch Without renouncing thera
formally.

  

SHE W448 IN THE PERKIN SIEGE,

 

Dr. Edpa Terry Tells of Her Experiences Under
Chinese Fire.

Dr. Fdna Terry of Port Jefersen, L. 1, who
has been @ weileal miselonary at the interior
town of ‘Tsunlua, China, for the part tour-
teen years, and who ts now at the homeof her
sisier, Mrs. k. P. Smith, «20 South Firth ave-
hue, Mount Vernon, Was among the foresnere
besieged in Pekin last summer

Dr. ‘Terry arrived in Pekin the tat day of
May to aptend a conference and was unable
to return’ to Teunlua. In speaking of her
Blege experience, Dr. Terry sald

“We took refuge in the Brit.sh ‘egation on

i ce
a

 

JAMES H. MERSEREAU MADK AGREAT
FUSS IN NEW ROCHELLE,

 

 

Divorece Tokes a Woman to is Former Wife's
House and Forces Lils Way In—Police Called
and a Crow’ Cones With Them- He Wants
a Court Order to See His Children.

Rochelle Park, In whieh many of the wealth-
leat residents of New Rochelle have their homes,
was thrown into a state of great oxcilement
yesterday, when James HH. Mesereau, from
whom his wife secured a divoree in the Su-
preme Court a vear ago, «erved papers upon
hile wife, who has resumed her maiden name
and ia living in New Roehelle as Mrs. Clara
Filvabeth Wilder, cailing upon her to appear
before Justic@ Andrews in the Sunreme Court
on Thursday morning and show cause why
he should not be permitted to gee bis five ebll
dren

The fuss over the service of the pipers was
principally due to Merserean, but not a little to
the terror of his former wife, who imagined
that he had come to take her childrenaway. A
blonds woman in a blues tailor-made sult and
wearing a larce, binek pleture hat ac ompanied
Mersereau to New Rochelle, and before they
departed the police were culled to Mra. Wilder's
house, and a crowd assembied there to enjoy
the scene

The decree of civorce obtained by Mra. Mer-

gerau gave to her the custody of the five clildren
of her marriage. The ages of the children
range from 4 to 17 years No pro-

vision waa made In the decree for pernitting
Merserean to see hiachildren, but be has made
many attempts to do #0, greatly to the annoy-
ance of his former wife. On Monday, turough

Have & Bitterman of 890 Broadway, he entered |

a motion to amend the decree so as to permit hin
tosee the childrenfor three hours on each Sune
day afternoon. Duplicate coples of the motion
papers were given to Mersereau for service upon
hisfformer wife. Instead of turning tham over
to a eibp@an server Mersorean decided to
serve therm Lismself, With bis wonsan coin-
panion he reached New Rochelle yeeterday
morning. The pair then went to the Windsor
Uctel where they registered as “George ©.
Harrison and wife, New York city.” They
drank several milk punches and then ther
went to a local neweparperoMce. Mersereau
told the editor that his name was tlarri-
gon, that he represented Liayes & Bitterman
lawyers of New York, and he had come to New
Rochelle to serve papers on the former Mrs
Morsereau in the interest of her husband, and
wanted to give that fact as much publicity as
possible. He suggested that before the papers
were served things would happen which would
make a good story for the New Rochelle paper,
and suggested that @ reporter accompany him
to Mre Wilder's house tn Rochelle bark. The
suggestion wasn't favorably recetved and Mer-
gereau and his companion etarted for Mrs.
Wilder’a house without a reporter

Mrs. Wilder lives in a handsome residence
at 50 Manhattan avenue, surrounded by ex-
tensive grounds. Mersereau lett the blond
woman at the park gate and went to the door
alone. A mald who answered |ils ring slammed
the door in his face as avon as he asked to see
Mis former wife. Mersereau Hngered on the
stoop und when a boy creme to deliver a pack-
awe at the house a few minutes liter Mersereau
again attempted to get in. The maid pushed
lim out and closed the door upon hin. Mrs,
Wilder, who was {n te house, by this time had
become very much alarmed. She was eure
that toe object of Me'serenu's visit was
to abduct her children, eo ehe- sent
two servants, one to the high sehool
where the two eldest are scholare,and the other
to the Wingate avenue school,wh ro the otner
three clildren were, to tell then to remain
in school until ehe sent for Then as

them

| Mersereau was «fill trving to wet lato the house,

June vo, and that evenlug l’rof, James, who |

had @ safe conduct from the Chinese General

weit out, and we never saw him again. ihe
fighting began thal ulgit.

Any aecount of the swe would be income
plete uniees Inenuon were u of the Amei-
can minarines. braver tach never lived. iney
were stationed on the big wall which separates
the Imperial from the Southern City. The
Chinese on the wall grocually worked their
Way ooser and Coser tothe American posie
tion, and tinuly began the construcuon of a
bastion by whieh they hoped to gain the rear
of the Americans. Capt. Meyer, in come.
mand of the Americans, @aw that the Chi-

 

 

nese must be driven from thelr position.
He inade the attach on the night of duly 8 with
a mired force of American ard brglish

 

prised the Chinae by a tank attack and roy
hem. Two Amer.cans were biuled and a nun.
ber intured Among the latter was brave
Capt. Merer, who received a spear thmast in
the knoe. ‘I'd go anywhere with, that man
for . leader,’ said one of the Mnglish marine,
and thet is a fur sample cf the estimation in
wilos the American Captain was held by al
eo lies

“We learned from messengare who vot through
to us of Sermour’s defeat, of the landing ot ra
enforcements, of the capture of ‘Tfentsin, and
then the approach of the allies to Peking

"The Chinese knew it, too, and in the Inst
week their fire redeublel, and they strained
every nerve tocapture our legation, but ouw
little band of marines,o;ly 400 of al) nationaliues,
offered such desperate resistance that every
effort of the Chinere proved futhe.

Tie Atieriecans were tae fiest to break

through the gate which they had attacked,
and they entered the aorthern cits }
{nsida, not Knowing the city, they went
and the British, who followed tuem, w
first t) diseove™ our position. Gen, Gaselee
was the first to enter our compound, ot about
2P.M., Ang. 14, botby night all the aliled troons
were camped about us, and we were at last
aime,

‘'T do not helieve the present rehellion will
greatly iniure Cliristian miestonar work in
China 43 goon AB A perinanent government
fa once more established ve mean to take up
our work again os vigorousl as ever *

Dr Terry expects to return wo China In @
year

 

 

NE DISPLEASED MNS, STANFORD,

 

Prof. Rose's Views Didn't Sult Her Go He
Leaves Stoofori University,

San Francisco, Nov. 12 —Becwuwe hie views
againat Orientil cheap labor dlapieased Mrs
Stanford, widow of the founder of Stanford
University, Prof. i dward A. Ross, jead of the
department of econonles, has resigned He
held that an influs of Orfentals, whether Chinese
or Japanese, was a grave C@eer to Californta,
because these people live on wiat would net
support an Atmertean

{ re Stanford, aan lore
ind Jinanes., was ver
as over another utterit f Prof. Roes that
cltlee should own their own woterond gis plante
avdetreet railwa: bo iss &lthat she bliewed
Lis speeeies would ipture stocks that she held,

  

 

eoplover of Chinrea
wer this as well

  
 

 

Stratton Gets 63.000,000 More for Mining
Shares,

Victor, Col, Nov. 13-14 {4 reported to-day
that \.. S. Stratton has sold hssto k in the
Porti.nd G id Minine Company at §5 a sare to
Eneli investors. Mr Strotton would thus re-
ce@.ve $3,000,000 for his ove-tfth interest

 

Latest Marine Iniclligence.

Artierd. Ss Adtroncack Owen, Jamatea,

Nov. 7;
Ss Lampasas, Barstow, Galves on, Nov, 7 7

 

Uptown lunebton, ot Marsh's, 34th and Broadwey,
isdeiguttul. You willOind there tue famous Sara:
wee Arondsack Water — de.

 

she telephoned to Police Headquarters that
@ chan wae annoring her very much und she
wanted tie police to drive lilm away

About this time Merseretu started around
to the rear of the house. There he ran into
Rdward Connor, Mra. Merserean'’s coactiman.
The latter told him that he couid not get into
the house and that his former wife was not at
home to him anyway. Merseresu replied that
if he waa not allowed to serve the papers be
carried he would secure police ass stance and
have an arrest rnade. While he was debatin:
with the coachman several policemen dashe
through the park to the house. Mersereau
aaw them coming and hid ground the piazza
nese the front door, ‘Lhe blond woman remained
at the gate

The former Mrs

 

 

Merserean opened the
door to receive the policemen and that was
Merseresui’s chance fe ran pest them into the
hill and pushed the papers Into Mra. Wilder's
lass

“T have been authorized to serve these papers
upon You and you must obey them,” he re
marked.

Mra. Wilder, badly frichtened, ran up the
stairs leaving the pape.. on tie floor, Mer
serena, after observing to the policemen that

| he was an officer of the law and was simply

     
 

carrying out his duty, pushed his way through
the crowd which startled ut seeing half a dozen
policemen together in Lochelle Vark, had
gathered at the gate, fand Joroed tls com.
pation, She had seemed to take litle Inter-
est in the performance
arm downs the street and the crowd followed
the procession. The neightors assembied at
the windows to wateh

The pollceman kept Merserean and bis com-
anion tm elyrit walle gnother went into the
youse and asked Mra. Wilder what the trouble
was flor two servants by this time lad ap-
peared to t il her that her chiidren were safe,
when alarm on their account waa over, ond
ahe ox) lained that no arrests need bo made
Hoeman stayed at the house tor the rest
re afternoon, but Mergereau and his com-
anion did not return, iter had departed to
their votel

ibe former Mrs. Mersereau wes married
eighteen years ro. She ie o daughter of the
late John Wilder, who was once Prosident of the
Hotterick Pabushiog Company of 18 West
Fourteenth street. ter parents, who were
werthy, resided at Fordhau), where they en-
tertvlied extensively. Mersereau. who lived
{n Krooklyn, was an employee of bis wife's
father ry marriage created a stir in Ford-

}

han beeause of the difference in the soctal |

atauiding of the palr and it was entd that Miss

Wilder was married to Mersereat despite
sirejuous Obsectiongs on the part of her
parents Aft-r tie martage Moersarenu e+
termed and hecune a member «f several
clubs. Five ebthiren were born and the life
of the couple seemed to go smecthly until
about six oeraght yeirs ago, whon Mosereni
began to drink heowily and wos frecuently in
the eompany «f wornen Cf questiomuble cnar-
acter erdham people goss.;ed about hin

apd he waa foread to resien from the Fordham |
C

  

 

ib The ormer Mrs Merserent | the United Gas Improvement Company, by
sayy that from } this \ m= on her! jis brother, Clarence, while they were cunning
hushend aco her Nife and that | na § asa pe ay veste
of her children as miserible as possitie | for duck in Chesopeake Bay vesterday, are
The resuit Was the Gvetoo, but two are only suport ial Lesa than a doven pellets of
piearons for the Sisaolution © the | So. 6 shot struck him near the lert shoulder
me r@ v're))=o withdrawn or Morser. | end buried themselves heneuth the h Some
aiu's promis: to rxor: No tlimony | of them were removed Inst Boon after
was avraell fo On aon ieation at Meaerowu | the aceflent and the ren inder were taken
for an order to 990 fils chi dred has since bow | ont te ait hisarrivad here) He is staying
daiied by the court, Sines tien Mra, Wi lai the Bellevia aetel ard his phesictan says
has inovel from Fordham to New Rochece | that ina few dovs he will be as well e ever
Ou Aeon t, #16 8 ra of he hug and's threats nee
ani f h Yidran’s heath . . . 49 . .
a ie ction tn amend his wite's decrme | WRECK OFF THE JERSEY COAST.
speereati atates thet “he ts dispirited and de-
end and ca ambitt ” is tikes mit of if; | Schooner Sank to Her Topmasts Dtscovercd
Ife becarise he’s not olowed to see his childran.” | No Trace of the Crow,
le also states that he has been tiformed that - om . ‘aeapaiel
1s hy ri! his wife was clinde atinely marriod Artantic City, Nod, Nov is) Capt. J oH
to Edward Keogh, thelr former footman, and | Duteh of ihe sloop MoS. Quay reported to-day |
hae cinve fived with him. Mre. Merserenu sid | that he passed A threcemasted schoot

to a SUN reporter vesterday that this was one |

AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

They walked arm in |

arene and-rain; much colder,

®

BOULDER FALLS ON OURAY, COT,

 

| Crashes Throngh the Town, Destroying Several
Duildings and Injurtng One Woman.

Ovnay, Col, Nov
hundreds of tons broke froin u precipice over-
banging the town last night and came sweeping
| down, demolishing everything in tte path. It
fell first a seer 300 feet, broke in three pleces,
each of which continued on a course of de-
struction. Large trees were levelled and ten
| or a dozen bulldings deatro ed

 

In the path of one of the pleces was the cottage
of James Goudley. Mra Goudley was alone
| in the cottage. The boulder plunged through
the walls, striking the bed in which she was
| asleey Mra. Goudley was seriousty bruleed,
| but will recover. No one else was injured
| The storage building of the Anheuser-
Buse!) Brewing Company was wrecked and its
contents are almost a total loss. Many of the
| emotier bulldings were reduced to kindling
wood
Ouray Is {n constant danger from slides of
thia kind All over the town are scattered
| great boulders which have fallen from the
precipice, most of them before the town was
bullt

 

 

JEWS AND GENTILES IN ONE SFRVICR,

|
|
| Baptists to Join 2 Synagogue's Congregation
in Thanksgiving Day Worship.
Rieumonp, Va, Nov 18--Ali the church folk
of Rieumona are interested in the deri lonof 4@
} Jewish and Baptht congregation here to cele
brate Thankegiving Day by a joint service
Sometime: othe Grove Avenue Bop tht@hureh,
one of the niost costly churches in Richmond,
was destroved by fire Many offers of places
i in which to meet were tendered the congrega-
tion, and it was decided to accept the offer of
Beth Ababa congregation, the wealthiest Hebrew

tists to moot with them on Thanksgiving Dar,
and the offer was accepted. No creed will be

known at this Joint service

PLAG RAISING ON M'KINLEY'S PARM,
The President Farnished the National Em-
blem That Was Kun Up.

Minerva, Ohio, Nov. 15.- President MeBin
lev recently presented his farmer, W. J. Adame,
with a handsome American flag. To-night
was get apart for a pole raising. Despite a
heavy rafastorm early in the eveniug nearly
1,000 people gathered at the farm. They came
from all the surrounding villages aud from the
famines within ten miles around

the flagpole, eixty feet tall, had been out
in the woods on the farm and was all ready,
A bundred willing hands setzed it and it went

congre@at.on here
The Jewish congregation {nvited the Bap-
After

up slowly and steadily. being placed

fn position the bie flag, the gift of the Prest-
dent, was pulled up, while the band played “The
Stars and Stripes Forever.” A battery on the
hillside volleved the national salite. A choir
of women’a voloes led the assomblageiin singing
“Arerica.’

‘After the ceremonies the crowd adjourned to
the big farm barn. On the threshing floor a
f. itforia was erected

for the speaking, 1. H.
Yannock, @ wealthy manufacturer of Min

orva,
made a brief speech in keeping with the exer-
elses of the evening. After brief speeches by
other members of the community the crowd
dis persed.

|
| 825,000 IN STOCKS LOST,
|
|
|
|

 

Left by J, B. Baretow Somewhere fn Newark
While Celebrating McKinley's Victory.

James B. Barstow, a broker, whose ofilce is
at 74 Wal! strect, asked the Newark police last
night to aid him in a search fora small package
containing $28,000 In stocks and bonds. Some
of the certificates were indorsed and all are in
a measure negotiable, though several trust com-
panies and banks have been notified to look out
for them.

Barstow went to Newark last Tuesday and

has since been mildly celebratir « there the re- |

election of McKinley. He clung to bis package
of veluables until a few days ago. Then he
iniesed them. se had forgotten them and left
| themsomewhere. Upto last night he had been
| nable to locate them. Ne could only reca
| having them in & restaurant. Inquiry there
showed that when he left the place they were
| handed over to him by the cashier, to whom he
had given them for safe keeping
alarm was sent out by the police last nlgbt, and
a systematic cearch of saloons, hotels and
restaurante was begun.

 

BRIDE WENT DOWN WITH THE WRECK.

| Capt. Vanaman and Wife, Lost on the Myra B,
Weaver, Were on Their Wedding Trip.
JACKSON Fia., Nov. 12.—There wae a
| sod romance associated with the recent wreci
of the schooner Myra B. Weaver tn Vineyard
|
|
|
'

 

iLLeE,

Sound, and the drowning of Capt. Vanaman
and his wife. Willam S. Vanaman obtained
a marriage license here on Oct. 16 to marry
Mary E. kaverson and the Rev. A. Mo MacDon-
ald married them on that day. Mr. Vanaman
was a native of New Jersey and aged 85, Miss
toulstana, She

emerson, aged 21, Wha trom
It was a

was living at Mobile at the time.
had plenned their mar-
riage and wedding journey and had all the
delle arranged. Mias ‘.merson came. over
here from Moulle and they were married here
that afternoon, going to Fe rpandina where the
Migs

love match. They

Bclhoorer wae A niece of !merson
came from Mobile alao

Ihe journey north was the wedding trip.
Mra. Vanatman was very popular in Mobile

FOUR DAYS ON A CAPSIZED ROAT,

Jersey Yocttemen Picked Up in Barnegat Bay
After Being Given Up for Lost.

arr antic City, N. J, Nov. 18—Numb with

the cold and exhausted fromm hunger, Henry

and James Conover, brothers, who live on Mis-

siasippl avenue, this city, were rescued to-day

from their overturned vacht in the middle of |

Barnecat Ba The two men went on a fishing
eruise last Phumday and the boat was eape
sized in a squall The anchor fell overbosrd
and held the vaeht fast, thos preventing the
tides from carrying it toward land. The young
men had almost given un hope when Capt

Josep) Hiignea rescued them. Their famlly
had given them up as lost,

VALE DOLAN'S WOUNDS NOT SERIOUS,

 

Onty a Vew Shot From Uis Etrother's Gon
struck Him Neer the Shoulder.

Privaperpura, Novo 18 —The wounds {ne
flicted on Yale Dolan, son of the President of

   
 
 

 

yontie@aat by sont

 

  

of the many ties ciroulited tw Moersereau to | to her topmasts ten miles

Iniure her. He alleges that he ts out of em. | of tre Abseeom Light) The wreck apparently

togment, his domestie troubles having un- j is & new oie No report has co..e from the

Rttod him for work. ! fe aaving stations of a crew coming
asuore ail the Opinion ie expressed ‘hat ali on

National Academy cf Sctence tn Seaston,

ProvipeNnce, Pf. 1, Nov. 13.—The National
Academy of Sclence met at Brow) University
to-day Dr. Asaph ifali of Canbridre acted as
chairman
the countre are in attendance, A dfaner
given teerfehtet the Urivecsity Club to th:
members of the Academy et which atcres-e
were made by Dr. Asaph Hall and President
Fa mee

wan

All Roads Lead to Rome,
But the Penneylveota Ratiroad runs to CBleago, 8
Lou's, Cincinnati and Cievelaud Frequent waine
every day. ~A@e.

 

Some of the best known sventiats in |

board perished e schooner foundered prob-
ably in te gale of last Thursday

Rode a Bol! as Payment of av Eicetton Bet,

BinauamTon, N.Y, Nov 18. RT Daviesof
New York, superfotenden' the Borden Con-
| densary, od a ludicrous election bet vest-r-

dav oy ridre a bull throug the streets of
| Hocabin. [ra Smita and La ord Fras fof

the Covsge ilotet eli the auimnal cartiv in
check and Mr. D.viesc ung tenaciusly on his
back

 

 

Buractt's Vanilla
deaves a food taste in the mould Itis
chops

ure and Whee
~Ade.

 

@ome Don't be cheated with

 

 

is. -A boulder weighing |

A general |

 

SS ee

TWO CENTS.
THE HOTEL,

| TURAQUIENT TIME TRYING TO OUST
KENSINGTON'S MANAGER,

PRICE
LELAND HELD

 

 

' THE

P.lleemen, Tawvers, Proprietor, Musk Men
j aud Supers Crowd the Lobby Give and
Take Ali Over the House—lavaders Finally

Put Oat With a Parting Legal Kiek.
| The sergeant of the West Thirtieth street

police atetion who was on duty vesterday af-
ternoon at 6 o'cluck sald to Polleeinan Wooler-
Bon:
| “Woolerson, you are to go to the corner of
| Fifteenth street and Pifth avenue and there
) an ellerly man will meet you. There is going
) to be trouble in a big building down there and
| I don’t want you to intertere either way unless
» there ts bloodshed) Do you understand?*
Wovlerson sald he did, and he went to that
corner, where Le met Policeman Carley and
Jonas Sonneborn, the owner of the Hotel Ken-
slngton, at Fifteenth street and Fifth avenue.
Sonneborn ts about 7) years old, He told the
| two poliemen that he was going to meet geome
men of his there In a minute and that they were
| going to eject from the hotel the manager,
Mr. Charles FE. Leland. ‘
“You want to stand close by us," he sald, “for
there will probably be bloodshed.”
Mr. Sonneborn told the pollceman that in
July, 1800, he had engaged Mr. Leland as man-
ager of the hotel for three years and that
| Leland had the privilege of leasing the property
after that tine. Sonneborn changed his mind
| later, and tn the early part of this year he went
to Leland and offered him a lease of the hote)
at once. Leiand refured to take {t, saying
that he preferred to put in the rest of the three
yeara a8 manager

This led to friction between them and on
Nov. & Mr. Sonneborn went to Leland and told
him that he had hired another man as manager
and that he wanted Leland to get out of the
hotel immediately. Leland refused to go,

io the meantime Leland leamed that Soune
born had leased the hotel to George C. Howe
and that Howe and his family were already

| living in the hotel watting for Leland to get out,

This angered [.eland, and on Monday he put
the Howey baggage on the sidewalk, but the
Howes held the fort in their rooms and refused

| toget oul themselves.
| While Sonueborn was explaining this to the
policemen au man named Trautman, who ts an
| attaché of the law firm of Guggenheimer, Unter-
; myer & Marshall, appeared with fiveother huaky
| men, and they all went {nto the hotel lobby
| where they were met by Howe. Sonneborn
walked up to the desk and asked the clerk
; Where Leland was.
“| am sure I don't know,” growled the olerk
in the best manner of the profession. Sonne
bor® sent a bellboy upstairs to find Leland,
and tie bellboy returned and said that he could
not find him. Then Trautman walked up to
the clerk, showed hin some papers, demanded
the keys so that he could search the hotel for
Mr. Leland, and also demanded that the clerk
| wet out of the hotel for good and all. The
clerk refused to «ive up the keys or get out
| jhen ‘lrauunan tried to walk behind the
| inclosure, and as he did 60 @ man about 6 feet
tall and weighing 250 pounds got up out of a
| chair, took off hls overcoat and stretched out
{a staying hand.
i “You can’t go in there,” he sald.
“ae are Tue demanded Zune. big
“My name is Farrington,” repli
| man, “and I represent Mr. Leland.”
| “If you represent him," said Trautman,
| “here are a@ lot ot ouster papers and tho best
' thing that you can do is to go quietly, for we
| Intend to take Possession.”
| —“f don't recognize those papers,” sald Fare
; rington.
; ihen the two men clinched. Farrington
' was the stronger ond he pushed Trautman
outaide of the clerk's Inclosure

The gests were ina great state of excitement
and the lobby wae filled with then. ‘They
seemed to savmpathize with Leland. owe
had gone unstairs and was searching for the
jrnanoger. He canght him on the third floor
jas Leand wes golng from one room to an-
| other room aercgs the hall
' “|'ve got him,” Howe yelled down the stair,
) and then he and Leland grappled. Trautman
| and his menu started up the sialrs, but. befor
, they had got to the third floor Leland broke
| away andranintoaroom. He locked the door
and Howe kicked on the door and yelled. Then
Howe went downstairs for a oonference,

to the meantime the Leland people had erent

for Edward Mooney, Mi, Leland’s attorney.
ed be had a conferenoe with Mr.
TAan Pretty soon a clerk came down andeald
thadthey wanted to eee Trautman. Trautman
and hi« five trusty men started up the stairs.
The clerk stopped him
"No, no,” sald the clerk. “These brulsers
can't come up withsou ou must @o none.”
Trautman did go clone and fn a few minutes
! he and Mr. Mooney came downstara together.
| Mr. Mooney walked over to the tig man wlo
had eald bis name wis “Farrington,”
| Who are all these people, McCarren?” he
| asked.

“Thev came here with that man Trautman,”
replied the big man

"This wav, gentlemen,” aaid Mr. Mooney
with a comprehensive wave of his hand, aa he

; took Trautman by the coat and led the way
' acrosa the lobby to the ladies’ entranose, When
he got to the entrance he ond McOarren
| pushed the men. one after another into the
| atreet, and according to evewitnesses a part-
i ine kiek wos acintinistered to exch as he went
lout ef the door. The five men looked at
\ Trautman, but as he anid nothing they stood
| for the treatment until they got into the street.
| “Look here,” one of them said to him then;

When he arriv

“have von got any legal authority? If a8
have we will coin there and clean oul the whole
dain hotel.”

Trautman did not answer, and the five men
walked away with him, sweartng at bim,

Mr. Teland anid after the battle
“T think that Mr. Sonneborn has treat
me mighty mean Although my contra

fe only a verbal one, J intend to hold him to
it. 1 filled his house with the very best people
in New York city. IT will certainiv not get
out f herenntil Lam served with court papers,
) Those panere to-day were not court papers,
He pever gave me any notificetion that lw
ito be enperaeded notil Nov & and he hire
Howe without a word about the matter to me,
Mr Sonneborn enld: “Het. only an emnlovee
and I cortainly have the rielt to dischar
him. Tewtilleepatituntl I gethimout. That's

Charles Leland ts a brother of the late Wi
ren Teland. «eho wae the proprietor
Windsor Hotel when that hotel was burned.

CNICAGO'S LOW PEATH RATS,

| Morked Decrensc in Mortality Since the Draim
age Canal Was Opened, *.

Crrcaco, Nov. 18.- Chico go's rapid Improwe-
| ment as a healthful city eines the drainage
cinal was opened is shown by the statement
'{euned by the Health Department yeaterday.
last week only 86) deaths were reported tn
the city as aginst 440 in the corresponding
week a year ago. For the first ten days of
November the month!y death rate was .65 a
fousand, which. turned into annual death
rate figures, i910 06a thousand Thies is about

the normal death rate for small towns and
villuces, and far be ow moat cite death rates
Ouwtoof the ie etties whoee health conditions

were ree otis investigated bv the United States
Deoartment of Labor, only elght showed a
better record than this

  

The low. death rete {a espectaliv ed
in ts)hetd fever cases There have n
only eight deatha fron: that disenee ao far
thi month, which fe et the rate of twentr-

wt a November average
{ seventy a menth during the years 188§ to
jaeo, Cororuesioner of Elentth Rey nolda
recetved a notice that the gold medal diploma
awerded the Chiearo tealth Department
at Paris for its exbilit t* now In New York.
The department can get the gold medal by
) paylog $120 for ft

three a month

  

 

 

 

Good-By, Dewey Arch,
Both branches of the Mumetpal Assembly
| passe! a resolution veatorday requesting the
Department of lifkhway> to remove the Dewey

eArchanteoon ade Aldernau Byrne Mem.,
Brookivi) ovked

“Whotis toe comets) mer going to do with
the aren? Thet plaster je Very valuable for

souvenirs |
| there apiece!
| Every Hotel and (lab
| Ia within easy rr scaof one of the Pep rania

rotee that every time 1go up

aaen away

 

 

® stations at Wes) 254 a1, Dee! or
ir - Ade.

 

Pee THT SO:

ee or

oss =

ho