me

 

 

0 es LE

!
|
|

aye mt
an 5

SRO ee we em

1

a

_—

~

ena

SET

~

 

 
 

 

Dr. FLOOD CHARGED WI1H FORGERY
IN THE FIRST DLGREE,

Alderman McCann Secured the Warrant on the
Alleged Confession of Miss Catherine
Loonte, Who Had Been Fouad Gallty of
Forging a Deed and Sentenced to Over
Four Yeare in the Woman's Prison at Aa
burn—Mayor Fiood Says It Is ersec ation,

Exuwtna, Nov. 13.--A decided sensa'ion has
been caused here by the arrest, at 4 o'clock
this afternoon, of Dr. Frank P. Flood, Mayor
of the city, on a charae of forgery in the firet
degree, for whioh the penalty is not more than
twenty years in tate Prison, ‘The arrest is
the outcome of the prosecution of Miss Cather-
ine Loonule, a well-educated young woman,
for forgery of a real-estate deed, On Saturday

Miss Loonie was sentenced to four years and

nine months in the woman's prison at Auburn,

Bhe was to have Leen taken to the Institution

yesterday, but was detained upon a writ of

habeas corpus, granted upon the affidavit
of Alderman Mecann, charging Dr. Frank

P, Flood, Mayor of the city, with complicity

in the forgeries. Miss Loonie will bo taken

to Auburn to-morrow.

 

Detective Gradwell made the arrest of Mayor
Flood in the Mayor's office at 4 o'clock this ,

afternoon. The Mayor walked to the police
court and was arraigned before
Danaher. fAlis attorney, Joseph Eustace, was
waiting for him. In the arraignment the

Magistrate asked the usual questions as to |

the prisoner's age, place of birth Ac. and
the defendant, upon advice of counsel, re-
fused to answer. The Recorder then read the
following complaint
"State of New York, County of Chemung, aa.
“Francia J. MeCann, being duly sworn, de
poses and says that he resides at No, 606 Sul-
Nvau street in the city of Eimirs: that the de-
ponent is informed and believes that at times
between Dec. 1, 1899, and Feo. 1, 1900, in the
@ity of Elmira, N. ¥., the crime of jorgery Was
committed in the city of Einiura, to wit) (erban
deeds as follows: One recorded in Chemung
County Clerk's oMce 15, 1909, in Vol,
124 of deeds at page 25
olerk's oMice Dee, 22, 1809, in Vo!. 123 of decds
at page 122 one recorded March 20, 1900, In

on Dee

   

 

Vol. 125 of deeds at pase 6). a d that one Cath-
erine Loonie ts indicted for procurhis tie teed
first ubove moe.tioned as having been
recorded on Deer. 15, 1890, to he re-

corded in sald Chemung County Clark's office
oontrary to the provision of Section 95 of the
Penal code and that one Frank H. Fiood com-
mitted one or more of 8 id forgeries or caused
one or moreof tie deeds hereinbefore mentioned
to be forged, aud procured one or move of said
deeds to be recorded or offered for record to
the County Clerk of the county of Chemung
oontrary to the statute in such case made and

rovided, and that sources of deponent’s
formation and the grounds of his beief aa to
all of the matters nerein stated to Le aileged
on information ana bevel are dei.ved from
iversations had with Caihenne Loonie
ereinbefore mentioned, in which she stated

 

to deponent iat tne suid brank H. Flood proe |

Qured the commission of said crimes to her

nowledge, and that tle saine Wa, Gone unuer |

is direction and guidance

“Wherelore, deponent pravs that a subpona
may be issued for (he said Catherine Loome and
others who may have Know.edge with relerence
to the commission of any one or nore OL said
crimes to the end that the said Pru Ho blood

ay be apprebended and cleut will Avcy ding

w . Praxis) McUAaNnn
“pwornto before me ‘lus told day of Novem-
“ber, 1000

“M. DaNAdER, Recorder of the city of Eimira ”
‘Lue Mayor waived exanunavion and was held
to await the action of (ue Grand Jury. ble Was

 

turned over to the Shernil and at 6 uo clock Was |

rraagned before Judge Pratt, who Haed bail
fo the gum of §10,0W.

kx-Cougressiuan Jhomas Flood, Judson HU.
Clark, @ capitalist, and James Keenan, @ con-
tracte;, weat on the bond. Alter bis arrest
the Mayor declined to be interviewed, Eu
counsel asserts the prosecution is thdaclous
on the part of political enemies. The cotm-

Jainant, MoCann, is a memoer of We Caly

ound! and of the sume poutics as Flood,

Dr, blood was ele ted Viayor last March over
Frank Bundy, City Chamoerlain, who is now
serving a seven years’ term im Auburn ior
embezzling $80,000 from the city, Dr. Flood
oame here from Berrytown, in Seneca county,
this State, about is6 He has a wife and two

oung children and nas stood high in his pro-
ession. He is President of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruety to Children and of the
Boclety for the Prevention of Cruelty to  Ani-

als, Prior to his election as Mavor in Mareh
at hea was Coroner a fie ent

Mise Loonie, who was graduated at a con-
vent at Notre Dame, Ind. ts a eultured woman
of 25. She has lived here from ehiidhood
Bhe alleges she met Dr Flood nine years ago,
when he attended her in iiness. Her un-
substantiated confession is that she fell in
Jove with him and that they have been inti-
mate ever since

The forged deed mentiored in the come

Jaint was on property oo oned by Margaret

yenevie Wonnedy of THuwhamton and located
fn Kimira. the value of which is $8,000 0 Nijss
Kanneiv is an orphan with no relatives living

  

Bhe discovered the deception last Apri: when
she «ame to Fimira to renew an insurence
poier The agent told her that Catherine
wonie bad insured the same property lhe
forged dee! was on the records and Miss
Loonie's arrest followed

List Svurdis she pleaded muilt and wae
fentered te four yeors ard nine month in

evonna's prison at Auburr bhe draived
about $400 on tie prove t ec g mert
@iwe.s, ind she now allegee thatthe Mo oorw 6
the in tigator of the plot to d* rive Miss Ken
ned of the title to the ran] eetate

Miss Loome'’s confession has been in the
VO4aa5,0nN f the Puetrict Attorne tr two
months Astenbloran Charles fl Knipp v
tor fire counse), He reigned and J. John
Hassett took his since, fhe made a state-
ment to him which afferward was embodied

 

 

  

in a written confe 1 and lnitted to the
District Attorne Franiiin Aldridge, Up to
the d that «he pleaded guilty M i“ ie’
counelex: ected that «! es eonld go:

repeat her if sion, reg ude

ate ‘ted, and throw hersef or

the eoirt At the List moute

her mind and de lared that

to be: ni han? '

In her confession Misa Loonie allewae that
everal miont!« ago s « companied Mevwer
lood on a trip to Austin, Minn, where he was

eummoned as a witness in a murder trial that
While in Austin she Was passed olf as Mrs Flood
and was introduced to several Anstin wor en
at their homes as the wife of the doctor She
has furnished the names of several of these
Women The confession further allegas that
the forgeries were known to Dr) Fleod, and
goes into much celall concerning each sepu-
Pate forsery
GOV, ROOSEVELT AT SYRACUSF.
Be Spoke at the Convention of the State Ped-
eration of Charches

Syrnacrar, N. Y., Now. t8.--Gov. Theodore
Roosevelt presided to-night at the opening
eession of the convention of the State Federa-
tion of Churches, which wos held at the First
Presbyterian Chureh. After the meeting he
received an ovation, hundreds of persons press
ing torward to shake hands with him
Roosevelt said he hesitated about acces ting
te invitation te Syracuse, but he believed eo

oreu y in the move

gb ent that he was in-

Fucncec to come

at churches spend soniich time in quarreling
over boundary lines instead of ‘oining their
@fforts Awninest the common enemy. He argued
Qgainst the cormation of new churches in smal
communities, asserting that they only
to weaken the churches already existing. The

overnor commended the work of the Y M. ¢

in warmest terms

The Rev. Dr. Bera. Tipple of New York fel-
lowed Alter the reception Ger Koocevelt
went to the Yates Houre or suprerand revursad
to Albany at 11 o’cloek. The convention will
continue to-morrow

Gov

 

 

 

 

 

BRYAN WONT GO TO DE\VER.

Again Save Fie Will Stay in Lincoln and Con-
tinwe the Work Me Mas Reen Eng ged tn.
LINCOLN, Neb, Nov 18--Mr Bryan bas not

changed his mind about remataing in Lineoln

The other day he telegraphed a declination

of an offer of $10,000 a veur to act as aditor of

the Denver Post Lhe proprietors
it was a mere matter of money and sent hirn
by mai) another offer, understood to be «

more liberal in its terma, and painted a bright

future for him tn Colorado, It ts also «eid
that a United Stites Senatorshin was pract)-

 

  

 
  

  

cally promised to him  Stli be declined

To-day Messrs jammen and bonfils, the
owners of the Post, on here and had a long
interview with Mr Bryan the latter de-
ciines to avy what it Was about Mr tammen
says (hat they came for the pur &*, if possible
of inducing Bryan to lea eyitable

  

 

this, where the people seen
Acainet Ram Mir, Bryan,
' ent to

acity and State
to delight in voti
however, whue paying a high « pli
the people of Colorado and expree his
@ppreciation of their fealty to him, informed
bie viaiore that he proposed to stay in Ldneoln
and continue the work e Las i vee

wae years eel rk be Las been eugaged in

 

 

 

FLMIRA MAYOR ARRESTED, | 4?"

Recoruer |

one recorded tu said |

He said it was a mistortupe |

served |

thought |

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.

 

 
  
 
 

 

APPROVES C, U, APPEAL,

| Bat Repeats That the Movement Would Fall
asa Coler Boom,

The Citizens’ Union was warned yesterday
that it would be necessary to use care In en-
roliing members, because the Tammany lead-
ers are seoking to get control of the Citizens’
Union organizations ip several districts. Tus
SUN has told already of the warm welcome
which the union's canvaseers have had tn @
number of strong Tammany districts, and of
the fact that ite officera were considerably
surprised at this. Yesterday the union was
informed that in a number of cases Tammany
leaders had given orders to thelr election dis-
trict captains to have “truaty men” enroll in
the union. By controlling district organiza-
tlons too the Tammany leaders would be able
to bring about indorsementa of Tammany
candidates for Counciimen, Aldermen and
Assemliymen.

| Among the names attached to the address
: issued yesterday by the union are tiose of
twenty-two members of the old Committee
of Seventy. The absence from the call of the
| names of certain men who tp the past have
| taken @ prominent part In all antl-lammany
| movements was explained yesterday by the
@tatement that many of them wished to watch
the devaiopmenta of the next few months be-
fore aliying themseives with any movement

lL aia vol prepared sow Co s4) Move than
that I ain to becou.ted on assapporting auolon
| of good citizens to give us @ pure muniedyal

governmest,” aad Wiliam Bari Dodge he
| qpatter is too important for hastily considered
| declarations.”

I shai aly myself with whatever mover
seernsto meco hold the best promise of sic
said Charies Stewart Smith I shall &
that to the vtmost of t power, I desire to
| study the matter moro thoroughiy and to some

exta it to avait deveionmerts”

Robart M. Galiaway dec.ared that he would
| we eome aud support a comition against Taine
many
| Whey
wis asked what le thouwht of

Unjos'a vidress, he aad

“The addreas seems to he an excellent docn-
ment and {t is certatoly a wise move to cdever
actiou reiative to the selection of candid.tes
Phe Repullean party is in faver of aunt oof
all the forces onpoved to Ta any
only that the selection of candidates be deferred
untilit is the proper time to select candidates

“But if they are trring (9 work una om

| for Coler,” sald Senater Piatt, “the whole rnove-
} ment will fail. ° Republicans will not be

 

 

 

the Cituze.is’

  

 
 

 

 

  

jin such a movement.”
the organisaiion of the anti-Tammany |
forces in Brooijyn will besin in earnest this
week. Jt is excected that practioally every
man in Kings county who was in vay the
candidacy of the late Henry Georges 1sy7
wil fn in the movement against. Paminany
this vear. charles Frederick Adam who
managed the George cam-atan in Brockl:n,
is one of the signers «f the Clileens Luion
appea! .
‘The alngle taxers in this etty,” sald MF
Adama yesterday, “nave taken no action vet
in regard t> the municipal campalgn, As in-

dividuals the vast tnajority of then want to
sea a non-partisan Mayor elected. In my
orinion the wisest thing to do would be te call
a mass convention of all who are opposed to
Tarimany licll, and to have them elect dele-
gentes to a cilizens’ convention

In Brooklyn suppert tor the movement {s
expected from Senator Md. Coffey and bis
friends, who have been turned dumn by the
Kings county machine

QUAY MEN COERCED HIM,

   

 

 

SAYS
Pennsylvania Legistator Retracts a Pledge He
Says He Wes lorced to Sign,
| Prruapespita, Nov. i%- Samuel M. Ray,
a city employee who was elected to the Legis
lature Inst Tuesday from the Fifth ward of
this city, has written a letter in which he de-
Ciares that he was taken rday by Police
Lieutenant Patrick O'Briento the oles of Direce
tor of Pubile Safety English, and that there, in
the presence of Insurance Commissioner Israel

t

W. Durham, the local Quay leader, and Select
Counciiman James P. MeNiehol, Durharn's
chief politieal lieutenant, he was forced, under
threats of criminal! prosecution, to sign an agree-
ment to go into and abide by the decision of
the Quay caucus In Harrisburg. Kay eays
that Durham, McNichol and O'Brien were par-
ties to the alleged conspiracy After Ray
had signed the paper and had left the office,
' he sought legal advice, with the result that be
| gent tne following br r to Durham

“DEAR SIR: | hereby @ive you notice that I
recall and revoke th aper slened by mea
few hours since, wie I acreed to enter a
Renisiean erxiois for (oited states Senator
and abide by the result ofits decision,

“This pledge waseatorted from ime in the
oe of the Director of i’ ibe Safety by the
liaiteiant of the district, soursef and Mr
James McNichol, by threcta a d intin {dation,
aa wail aa br promises acd inducenents,

“The laiterant of the district threatened
mea with prosecution for an alleced election
offence unless I agreed to take such action
as vor and Mr. MeNichol would eauggest,
and alluded to the probable prosecution as a
dimeult and dangerous case ur ess | went along
with vou: but erid that if] acreed to do as you
and Mr. MeNiehol wanted, heed preventany
prosesitios trking place, and nothing more
| world bo heard of the charee

“at the ame time ho il that the atatement
of the election eMvers, charging me owsth this
aun otith crs offence, had been made to the
Buy crintendent of Police, who wanted to issue
a warrant aeainst me, but that he (the lien.
tenint) would notjerruitit. to be done The
pre ses (ou made with reference to the office
r

 

yeste

  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

w hold and that of m) brother I need not
mount

. Jr iz euflcient to sav that T siened the naner
under the cireumetances and
wae. inorder that] might relieve m so'f of
imnortunit es and asan ous war for the time
being to avold further the threata to which I
was baing sib ected

“L now detire to gira vou notice that T am

whwll ind. farent to all threats of prosecution
be Lient. O'Brien or by any one else, and am
revi to meet ane accuser who may appear

ag’ inst me

“at the same time Towish to give vou notice

   

that [ shall net attead an’ Revubliean eauena
fawaieh Yua i tobeacandidate, and that
I wil! not vote for Mr Qua under any circum.

time during ‘he session of the
Respectfully voure,
“sau, M. Ray.”

stances at an
Legislature.

 

SERENADED ODELL IN NEWRURCH,

lathe Marrerchor, of Which We Is a Member,
Eapresses its Pleasare at Hi, Elve ton,

Newst roa, > \ vov. 13 Phe members
ef the Newburgh Maonerchor terereced ther
feilow Governor-elect Odell, at hi
residence on Liberty strect toenmeht. A band
wid the .oxet- added several

Odell mide a speech, firstiin Ger.
man and taan in Engiea He complimented
the (rarmineAmn ‘aus warml: for ther pa-
wd jowe of their adopted countm , for
theartre.de and their lo: alt

member,

Wis pre ant
songs fr

 

 

ther devotion t

} to the Reoublican part and it. rr.nelples. He
| apole it cularl tier greit heln to

MKinle and Rooveveltinti:s Wet. Mr. Odeil
! Las belonged t) the Newburgh cociet: for about

fifteen cears and the members ure greatly re
oiced at his election

WAS BEATEN—CROKER,

 

WHY BRIAN

Chirf May Give Hi. Explanation,

The Hon. Wehard Croker, chieftain of Tame
many Hall, who isto sail for his Fng'lish home
on Saturday, probably on the Lueania of tie
Cunard Line, may make on Friday evening,
when all the faithful In Tammany Hall gather
at the Democratic Club to bid him farew

;
i
|
|
we Sailing en Saturday, the Tammany

statement for puoliestion in wiften he will give

| his views of thee ruses of the Der oerntio de teat
inthe last eleetton. Mr Croker denied hime: 4
esterday to interviewers, and iast mght at the

Detroernatio ¢
' nothing to say for py

——

he sent out word that he Lad
: hon

j JPLKES MAY BE (LAR AW US GOVERNOR,

 

| a
| The Governor-Elec! tying and the New Prest-
dent of the Senate Will Fiil the Office,

Montoomeny, Ala., Nov. 14.-Willlam Dp,
Jelks, a newasnaper man of Lufaula, to-day
was elected President of the Senate of the
Alabema

Tie Governor-elect, Col. William J
af One a. in dving of ar mapie malads
and Me. Jalte will s ed in the event of his
deat! ir. Jetke i it 40 vears old and a
new man in high S'* ries

state o

Samf rd

    

 

Court Decision Kesal’ tn Congressman Pogh's
Re-clectl in

Lorvisvinne, Ry,

of Congressman Sam K

Gstrict was made certal:

ISS votes in Lewis county by

Nov 14 The re@lection
Pugh of the Ninh
te-day by a gain «f{
the official count

 

 

In one preeir In that ceunty the Goebel elec.
ul Moers had refused ta rount 18 ballota
t were enst for Pugh The hallere were

soiled and trife demp, and this afforded a

pretext for throwing them out

court the ballote were counted to-day
To Cure a Cold in One Day

Tate Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets All drug-

gists refund the money if it falis to cure EL. W.

| Grove’s signature @ on cack bow

 

fhe Ada

Uoited States Senator Thomas ©, Piatt |

urrounded as Tj
¢ '

Ne process of i

TWO LITTLE GIRLS AT SEA.

THEY WERE OF THE CHORUS AND A
PARSON DISAPPROVED OF THEM.

 

 

Story of a Charity Concert on the Minnehaha
at Which the Rev. Mr. Cavanagh Read
Dave Haram's Horse Deal and Misses Flor-
ence and York Decided Not to Appear.
May Florence and Ethel York, chorus girls
who until recently have been playing at the
Shaftesbury Theatre in London,
sengers aboard the Atlantic Transport steam-
ship Minnehaha which arrived yesterday from
London. Nearly every room in the big twin
acrew steamship which carries only cabin
Passengers was crowded
It fell to the lot of one of the sedatest of the
| women passengers to be doubled up with the
chorus girls. She says that she found them
| Perfectly proper, althougl they did indulge
in w littl champagne, which is supposed to be
j the immemorial privilege of all well-regulated
| chorus girls. Naturally the young women did
not conceal their lights under a bushel, and
the whole ship's company had found out before

j

| the voyage was a few days old that they had |

been at the Shaftesbury, and that they ex-
pected to get an engagement at the Casino
here
There was quite a lot of amateur talent
aboard the liner, and when the voyage began
to grow dull, some one suggested that thero
should be a concert for the benefit of nautical
charities in thia city and London, and, tnel-
dentally, for the amusement of the passengers
The consent of Capt. Robinson was ol tained
| and Columbus O Johnsen was made chairman
| of the Entertainment Committee
The managers were the Rev Dr TM Hatha-
way and Enoch GG Jolinson
was the accompanist Among ihe
wore Miss Gladys Kastle, who did a cake walk;
| Grace Fo Meredith, a whistling selotet; and the
| Rev William HM. Cavanagh of Philadelphia,
{ his fellow passengers said, is an
n The Rev Mr Cavanach
f the horse deal in “David

 
 

 

   

who, some «
Friscopal clei gyn
read the account
| Harum “

Chairman Johnaon went to the chorus @irls

and aske |

and usbed them to lend thelr services to help
along the show Thev sald that they would be
| delivh ed, and Mr Jolinston announced that

men would do a cake walk
Then, aceorde

the voung we

other would aing

one of

and that the

  

   

    
 
   
 

ing to several paasenvers, the Rev. Mr Cavanagh
announced that ul the chorus girls were per
| taitted to apreur, he would Lave nothing to do
With the ny
Poultn slow and the matroniy woman
j Who ro the chorus vicls took their
part. The Ives decided, for the sale
of harme: net fo appear, and their parta
l were cat out of the fg ramt ‘The sedate
Woman, after this ine », became cons<picie

ously frlendiy with the chorus girls, althoug
many of the other women passengers avvicec

them
| The wirle were present at the concert and

' acted with yreat propriety The sedate woman
fave that she went to the ¢ lerg: man and gavo
him a “pie we of ber mind” The concert oc
curred on Monday evening and went without
a liltch

ihe chorus girls, after they landed here,

were willing to talk to the reporters about
everything except why they were turned down
by the clergyman lhey are good looking
and not a bit bashful, like most cherua girls.
They sald that they had not come here under
fengiwement, but expected to go to the Casino
f they could not get something to do there
they would take what ther could cet elsewhere
They refused to say anything more about the
ltrouble with the clergrman than that “the
maiter Was Compr ee
‘The Rev. Mr. Cavanagh would not talk about
the case

 

STANCIIFIELD SPENT 85,950,

 

He Gave Croker's State Committee 65,000
-Other Accounts Filed,

ALBANY, Nov.12.—John B, Stanchfleld, the
Demoeratic eandidate for Governor, says tn
his certificate of election expenses filed with
the Secretary of State to-day that he spent
$4,000 in ald of his canvass. Of this amount
$5,000 went to the Denocratic State Committee

| $1,500 to the Schuyler County Committee: $599
to the Tioga County Committee and $150 tothe
Tompkins County Commitee, and he paid
$1.00 for personal expenses and clerk hire.

Herbert ©. Rich of Cattaraugus, @ Repubdli-

| Ca clee or, spent $144.

| Only $i,o20 Was spent by Senator Edgar T.

| Brachett in ald of his re@leotion, though he
had a Fusion Republican candidate amainst
him Kach of the three county Republican
Commultees in his district got $300

Frank V. Millard of Greenburg, a Republi-
can elector, conwibuted $600 to polltiical com-
mil tees

Cong essman-elect Albert D. Shaw of Water-
town, expended $701, Kiving $259 bo the Oawego
County Kepublican Conuattes and @3u0 eaca
to ne hepublican conunttees of Lewis and

| deffer on countirs

| Kuseet ht. Stuart of Syracuse, the Democrati>

}Caiwuale for State Lugineer, spent $1,357,
ol which $750 went to poliucal committees

| and clubs

John D Blauvelt of Rockland, Demooratlo
candidate for Congress, expended $301

Arthur M Murphy of Catskill, Democratic
cavcidate for Senator, spent $720, $300 each

going to the Cister and Greene county com-
niittees
Wiuiam Metzler of Buffalo, Republican

|

qin dunte for Senator, spent $574
Ldward Kempton, a Brookiyn Democratio
elector, gave We bings County Campaign
Committee $25
| Heory C, Fisoher, another Brooklyn elector,
j coutributed gu, Royal Newton, an elector
from at, Lawrence, experded #@2
Seaato™eect Cocl of North Hempstead,
arent $i,2i4, ef which $200 each went to the
Nasaau and que ‘na county conmmitleer, @150
to ward and Joeal committees a412 for ad.
vertising, and $175 for travelling oxpenses.
Congressinan Louis W. Emerson's reé'ection
coat him 8750, Congressman John H. Ketchum
eootrivuted $5,000 to county committees, Con-
uresaman Vreeland spent $1,475, $500 each to
the Chautaugia and Catturangis  eounty
Republican comnitteea, and $300 to the Alle
Bary Goirty comnittee,
| Joserh Ho Hands of Schoharie, Democratic
loa didate for Congress, spent $201. John
Rosacraia of Cayuga, Democratic candidate
for Supreme Court Justice, scent $47,
State Comptrolier-elect’ Erastus C. Knleh
eo.427, of which #150) was contribute
19 Renablean State Committers,

“Soup
Manes

 

 

 

The great Fme

 

\ peror understood
that primdnly the

\, 4} Ysollier is a stome
‘N ach. Primarily

 

“327 every man is @
| stomach, The whole body and brain are
| dk - ident for health and lite upon the

orderliness and completeness of the pro»
cesses which go on in the stomach and
allied organs of digestion and nutrition,

People who have been treated for dise
ease of head, heart, lungs, liver, nerves
or blood hve often been treated in vain,
nutil they began the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. When this
medicine had healed the stomach and
cleansed the blood, the other diseases
disuppeared.

"Six vears ego last August Iwas attacked with
malarial sever.” writes Mr. Dame! A. Carter, of
Yost. Rowan Co. N.C. "My spicen become ens
larged, and IT was in bed of aud on tor four

 

 
 

years Iwent tothe doctors and some of then
Said | had dyspepsia, others said I had liver
trouble The Iast doctor I had called it chronie

liver and stomach disease. S01 paid out money
and nothing did me eny good. Two vears age

 
 

Tocomn {taking Dr Pierce's Goliten Mode
fen! Disc vy. and used ten bottles, and now J
, can do as big a days work as any man.”
Dr. Pierce's “leasant Pellets are @

boon to bilious people.

They cure.

 

were pas |

T. Seott Lowry |
talent

 

  

YOUNG FILIPINOS TO STUDY HERE.
mnneeeaggione

A Plas on Foot in Which the Colleges Will
Co-operate.

Wasntnaton, Nov, 18,—Civil Service Com- |
missioner Procter said to-day that he had been
corresponding with a number of college and
university presidents with whom he {s person- |
ally acquainted in order to ascertain how far |
their help could be enlisted in educating a)
number of bright, capable young Filipinos
in this country. '

| “The experiment of educating the Chinese |

' and Japanese in our colleges was so BUCCES*® |
ful,” Mr. Procter continued, “that I felt, in
connection with others, that nothing would

do more for the civilization of the Philippines |
; Han to educate in our country a number of |
the Filipinos and send thom back to teach their |
poopie Ihe plan received hearty support
and | wrote to the coilege presidents to ask if |
Uiey would receive such youths ag pupils and, |
perhaps, allow tiem scholarships have been
encouraged by tne letters I have received
and a movenient is now on foot to raise a fund
to Assist the young mon while in college There
is no intention whatever of applying to the
Government tor aid, as this ts purely a private
undertoking and will not be conducte along
the lines of Indian schools. The pupils wi
| be selected with great care and well educated,
after which they will be returned to the Phil-
ippine Islands to tell their people of our great

country. [ think such action will be a sub-
| etartial evidence of our thoughtful care for
the inhabitants of our new possessions,”

 

BISHOP DOANE ON CHINA,

A Defence of Missions and the Far Eastern
Policy.

ALBANY, Nov. 13—Bishop William Croswell
| Donne, in an address delivered to-day to the
| cleray of his diocese, devoted himself to a |

defence of missions and spoke particularly of
the troublein China. He said in part:

‘We cannot be content to live in a Christian
civilization when we are next-door neighbors
to a civilized barbarism anywhere. We must
overcome it, or they will overwhelm us I
take no stock in that weird dream that is called
the ‘yellow danger,’ because it is based merely
on brute foree and outnumbering multitudes
and leaves out God and His mysterious provi-
dence, and leaves out Jesus Christ and His |
promised presence, synonymous almost with
jis comimission ‘to the endef the world,’ ‘to
the utmost puts of the earth” Christlanity
must conquer paganism

MALUWHUe, belore the marvels and the
mietery of the etrange order or disorder of
| things in the world to-day, we are shut up. to
| one ef two alternativese:ther a horelers be
} lief in the relentless cruelty of destiny, which

erushes, hke acar of Jugwernaut, all that ttang
in its wa’, or a hopeful faith in the overruling
| providence of God. Meanwhile the lie ie given
| to the seats and aneers at the unfruitful un-

 

reolity of missions by the course of the men
who risk and the men who have laid down
their lives b- thousand: in China thie very

\ear Meanwhile the call {s all the louder
to re@iforce the ranka and push still further
on the only religion thatr ~ makesior peace.”

 

 

ARE THEY CONTRACT LABORERS?

Lacemskers Sid to Have Been Sent Here by
Dowle, the Zionist, Ordered Deported.

PrutLaDeLPuta, Nov. 13.—Immigration Com-
missioner James L. Hughes to-day ordered
the deportation of twenty-five first-class pas-
sengers who arrived at this port yesterday
on the American Line steamer Waesiand
The party consists of four men, two women
and nineteen children, and the reason for deny-
{ing them entry to this country {fs that they are

sald to be contract laborers from Nottingham
Engiand, to the Rev Jobn Dowis, the Zioniat

| preceh rc, Mr. Hughes sald. to-day
| hat suffictent evidence had been obtained
to

yrove that the parte had been engages

by Dowie, who had furnished them with the
funds to pay thelr expenses. It is anid also |
that Dowle while in Lngiand secured a com-
plete plant for the manufacture of lace and

| that there are many other operatives who
are on the way, or soon will be, to work

| in the factory which he intends to operate.

| Under the law the persons ordered to be
denorted have the right to appeal to the head
of the Immigration Bureau at Washington
to whom the evidence must be submitte and
his (inding may be reviewed by the Secretary
of the Treasury. The Waesland does not de-
yart tintil next Saturday and consequentiy the

mmigrants have time to make thelr gppeal

and got a decision from Washinaton before
the vesee! sais They are being detained
on thp vessel which lies at Washington avenue
wharf.

 

MR, WOODRUFF'S ASSEMBLY DISTRICT

 

Delegates Don't Consale Ais Wishes {a Select-
ing an Execative Committeeman,

The delegate: of the Republican General
Committea in Brooklyn from the Twelfth As-
sembly district will meet to-night to choose
their representative in the Executive Com-
mittee. Jesse D. Frost, who has been the ex-
ecutive committeeman for the last rear, will
not be reBiactad to the place, a strong com-
bination have been made by. the followers of
Col Edward E. Britton and Police Commis
sioner Abell to defest him, although he was
understood to be the choice of Lieut.-Gov.
Timotty L. Woodruff

It was announced last night that Charles
e Devor would be elected in place-of Mr
‘rost. Friends of Mr. Woodruff eay that this
action of the delegates from his Assembly
district will be taken in opposition to his wishes,
as he anicised then not to choose their execu.
tive members until his return. The senti-
vent against Mr. Fret is so pronoun: ed.

owayer, that it is doubtful if Mr. Woodruff
would be able with all his influence to retain
him in the Executive Committee,

 

THEY STILL CLING TO BRYAN.

 

Brooklya Single Taxers Think He Did Well
and Wat Him to Keep at It,

The Single fax Bryan and Stevenson Club of
Brooklyn has forwarded a letter to the defeated
ca didate for the Presidency, expressing its con-
fidencein him “and the profound convictions
of {ts members that the cause of equal righ
for alland special nrivileges for none, for w teh
you have soabhly stood for four vears has been
we oativadvancedas the result of your two mag-
nifleent camnmaigns.” he cluo exnecta Col,
Tievan to continue hls “admirable and effective

| effortain behaif of the rights of the masses of
men against the oppression of unjust legislae
tion.”

 

Art Stadents’ League Exhibit to Be Shown in
England.

Tre Art Students’ League of New York has
received are quest that {t allow f{'s exhibit of
school werk inthe Pars Exposition to be sent
with the educational exhibit to Manchester,
England. The Technics! Instruction Com.
mittee of Manchester has asked for thia exhibit
that it mey be se up in the hallofthe New
Tee) nical School for two months. An Imme-
diate conse it was cabled The Manc’' ester
autherities, after the two months, wil return |
the extobit_to. Paris where it will be placedin |
the Murée Pedago:ique under contro! of the
Mini-tere de [Instruction Publique et des

| Beaux Arte ce Fran’e.

 

 

Clothing Catters Fear Catting Machine,

The Manhattan Knife Cutters’ Association
‘ composed of clothing cutters who use long
knives instead of scissors, reported yesterday
that a new machine has come into use which
does the work of several men and will throw
thousands of persons out of work. The union
sars tint it will not only affect thelr trade,
but all kinds of otters of men's and women's
garments. Tie union seit out a eall yester-
day for a meeting to-night of cutters on all
corments to consider what isto be done. The
union does not propose to fight the introductton
f machinery, but wants to -o arrange wages
, end jours of labor that the minimum number
of people may be thrown out of employment.

Utdentified Hysterical Woman at Bellevee.

Policeman McGough of the East Twenty-
second street station saw a woman about 30
years old, bareheaded, without shoes and
with very Little Gelothing, wandering along |
fhird avenue, near Twenty-second street,
at 2 o'clock vesterday morning She was,
followed by a crowd, and as soon as she saw
the policeman ahe bevan to yell “Fire!” "Pos
lice’ and “Murder! The policeman had
some diMieulty in getting her into an_ambu-

 

'
!

lance) She was taken to Bellevue Hosiptal
ina hysterical condition. She remained that
way all dev and the doctors were tinable to

{ learn her name or where she lived

j a
| Kings ¢onnty Board of Canvassers Organized.

The Board of Cuvossors for Kings County,
composed of the Counelmen and Aldermen of

 

 

the borough of Brooklyn, was organized woe.
te dav, with Courciboen Ebbes as hairinan
acd County Clerk Huberty as 8 eretary It
wiimee inthe d borough ball this morning

| and arrange for eanvassing t!.e vote

The Northero Pert of This City !
affords advantages tn Real Fetate investment which
Wil be to your interest t learn of, providing you in-

| tend investing, See epee ‘al articie in Sunday ‘es Susp,
ne

i : AN
wer “she camo columps whieb | 1191 Broadway, Near 28th St. practise law.

 

COLONNA A CORESPONDENT

ITALIAN AMBASSADOR TO GREBCE
LEAVES HIS WIFF.

Eva Mackay's Husband, From Whom She Is
Separated, Accused of Misleading the
Duchess of Avarna in Italy While the
Dake Was at Athens—Jadicial Separation.

The latest mail advices from Naples give
details of a great social scandal in that city
arising from the separation proceedings brought
by the Duke of Avarna against his Duchess,
in which Prince Ferdinand Colonna di Galatro
{anamed as corespondent. The Duke of Avarna
is the Italian Ambassador to Greece and comes
of an old and distinguished Italian family. Ao
cording to the Naples law journal (La Tribune
Giudietaria; the Court: permitted the Duke to
submit testimony establishing the facta set forth
in the affidavit and complaint of the sult brought
by him. This suit was for separation and for
legal disavowment, under Italian law, of the
last child borne by the Duchess.

The Duke's complaint alleges that the Duchess
of Avarna with her maid left Athens on April
18, 1800, on a visit to Italy, the Duke remaining
at his diplomatic post in Athens; that the Duch-
ess joined her mother at Naples, where she daily
received the visite of Prince Ferdinand Colonna;
that in June, 1899, the Duchess with her mother
and Prince Ferdinand Colonna went to Cava dei
Tirroni, where they lived at the Hotel de Londres
until Dee. 8.

On Jan. 9, 1900, the Duke left Athens and
proceeded to Naples, where he had been led to
believe his wife was still living. He did not find
her there, but received certain information which
led him to institute inquiries. After fruitless
visits to various cities the Duke finally located
his wife at the Hotel Eden Palace, where, it
is alleged, she was living with Prince Colonna
under the assumed name of Del d‘Aroo, The
Duke then secured the Intervention of the
chief police inspector at Genoa, who called
upon the couple and oMicially tnterrogated
the man, whereupon the man admitted that

 

 

‘he was Prince Ferdinand Colonna, and ex-

plained that be was staying at the aame hotel
with the Duchess in order to advise her about
family affairs.

Tho Court at Naples scema to have granted
a decroe of separation and has given the Duke
the custody of his two sons, Carlo and Michele,
the Duchess to be permitted to see them four
times a year, and of a two-year-old daughter,
Luisa, whom the mother may visit at any time.

Prince Ferdinand Colonna, who is named
as corespondent in this case, belongs to the
Naples branch of the famous Colonna family.
Some fifteen years ago he married Miss Eva
Bryant Mackay, daughter of Mr. and Mre.
John W. Mackay, The marriage proved an
unhappy one, the Princess securing a legal
separation from the Prince some six years
ago. A bitter legal fight ensued for the cus-
tody of the children, which resulted in the courts
awarding the control of the children to the
mother,

 

SCORES BOOKER T. WASHINGTON,

Wants the Negro to Vote As He Is Told and
Sacrifice Mls foul, Says Bishop Fowler,

The annual convention of the Freed:uan'e
Aid and Southern Eduoation Soclety of the
Methodist Church which began in St, Paul's
Methodist Church, Newark, on Monday, came

to a close last night. Delegates were present
from all parts of the country,

At the Monday asteracon session, during
a discussion of the industrial schools of the
Bouth, Booker Washington waa severe
criticised, he Kev. Dr. Rust said that the
Methodist Church had established industrial
schools before . Washington was known.
Bishop Fowler said that Mr. Washington was
@ wreater orator than any man in the conven-
tlon, but in hie epeeches his plea was only for
Er at the sacrifice of the soul. He would

 

ave the negro submiseive and vote only as_

e was told. The Bishop asked the assem-
lage if he had not struck it right with refer-
ence to Mr. W asdingtog 6 Rolioy. and the au-
dienoe said that he had. The method of Mr,
Washington might be a nice thing, continued
the Bishop, but the Freedman's Society o:
the Methodist Church would still try to teach
the negroes to lead right lives and learn the
Gospel of Christ.

 

MORE PENSIONS FOR CONFEDERATES,

 

Loutstana Electors Vote to Allow the Legis-
lature to Increase Them.

New OXKLEANS, La, Nov. 18—The political
canvass of the vote of the Leulsiana election
shows that theamendment authorizing the Leg-
{sinture to vote a larger amount for pensions to
Confederate veterans bas been carried by a prac
tleally unanimous vote. The article of the

Conatituion amended Is one which limita the |

leyisiature to an annual appropriation for
Confederate veterans not to exceed $50000 a
vear. This limit has now been taken off. The
Confederate Veterans’ & joyment Bureau
has decided to ask the Legislature to require
hat In all public service Confederate veterans
have the preference. The Confederate camps
nd the pollee juries of the parlshes will join
n the demand. The complaint is made that
the Confedernte veterans have been conpletely
crowded out of all State and local omoes by
the politicians and the Leyislaturels asked to
intervene in thelr favor.

 

Retired Corporal of Marines a Suicide,
Robert Mulcahey, a retired oorporal of the

Uni ed States Marine Corps, was found dead

yest rday in his room in the Motel Comfort on
the Bowery. He had o'osed every crevice in the
room and turned on the gas.

 

Ne Government Aid for West India and
Panama Cable Company.
Speciai Cadie Despatch to THB SUN.

berlain has informed the West India and
Pa-ama Cable Company that the British Gov-
ernment will neither purchase {ts ines nor sub-
eidize the company.

 

The Kentucky at Algters.
Special Cadle Despatch to THB SUN.

A.arrns, Nov. 18 —The United States battle.
ship Kentucky arrived here yesterday. She
will coal here and sail for China on Thuraday.
Her Captain says the vessel behaved splendidly
on her trip and scarcely rolled at all during the
rough weather.

Consul-General Stowe Starts Home.

Special Cadie Despatch to THE Sun,
Carx TOWN, Nov. 18.—Mr. Stowe, the Ameri-

 

can Consul-General, will wail for home to- |

morrow.

  

IT SEEMS INCREDIBLE |

  
  

Works 116-124 Front St., 82-92 Pearl St., Brooklyn, N. Y.
Office, St. Paul Building, 220 Broadway, N. Y.

A.B.SEE
ELECTRIC
ELEVATORS

| This business {s a partnership owned entirely and absolutely by ourselves, and is not gone
nected in the slightest nor mo:t remote degree with any other elevator cormpany.
ALONZO B BEF,
TYLER.

AN AMERICAN NATIONAL GALLERY?

Our Artists Abroad Sending a Representative
Here to Discuss the Plana.
Special Cadle Derpaich to THE SUN.
Lowpoy, Nov. 18.--Mr. Francis Howard,
who will sail for New York on the eteamer
Oceanic, is proceeding to the United States tn
behalf of American artists abroad, including
Messrs. Whistler and Sargent,to inquire whether
there is guMicient public support in the United
Btates to Justify an attempt to form an Ameri-
can national gallery
President McKinley and Secretary of State
Hay, in reply to recent lettera on the subject,
indicated the difficulties common to all such
undertakings, but showed that they were suf-
floiently sympathetio to encourage the pro-
moters to formulate a definite scheme for sub-
mission to the Government as soon as a euffi-
| olently strong committee at home and abroad
! 1s organized.

QUEEN OF SERVIA'S ILLNESS.

| Certata Reports Regarding It Dealed at the
Legation in Paris.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUM,
Panis, Nov. 18.—The reports in regard to
| the Ulnesa of Queen Draga and the stories

about a baby are denied at the Servian lega-
tion.

 

King Alexander of Servia and Mme.
' Draga Maschin, a widow and a former lady-in-
walling to Queen Natalie, were married on Aug.
Blast. The marriage caused a sensation in Ser-
| via and there was considerable opposition when
| {twas first announced that the King contem-

plated such an alliance. On Nov. 7 it was

stated in a despatch from Vienna that King
| Alexander had announced his intention of
divorcing his wife and that Queen Draga was
prostrated. The reason given was that the
King was tired of his wife and desired to re-
turn to the freedom of his bachelor days.

 

| KAISER WILL OPEN THE REICHSTAG,

| Defence of Hie Chinese Policy Awaited With
Great Interest.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
BEeruin, Nov. 18—Emperor William will
| personally open the Reichstag to-morrow,

 

| first time as Imperial Chancellor. It ts ex-

pected that the Chinese question will fill a
| large part of his Majesty's speech from the
| throne, and his utterances are awaited with
| much interest, the expedition to avenge the
assassination of Baron von Ketteler having
been despatched virtually on the Emperor's
own authority.

It is here that the Opposition joins fesue,
contending that his Majesty's action was un-
constitutional and illegal because Parlia-
ment was not asked for its sanction.

 

UNHAPPY ROYAL MARRIAGB.

 

Prince Aribert Gets a Separation From Queen
Victoria's Granddaughter,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tue SUN,
Loxpon, Nov. 13.—The Word says Prince
Aribert of Anhalt and his wife, Princess Loulae

| Schleewig-Holstein, have been judicially sepa-
| rated. No divorce will be sought by either party.
| Hereafter the Princess, who is a granddaughter
of Queen Victoria and sister of the late Prince
Christian-Victor, will reside in England.

 

There has been considerable gosalp about
this case recentiv, and it wes expected that

sensational testiinony would be given during |

the hearing. At first it was stated that it was
j the Princess who took the initiative in the

matter, but this was denied afterward and the
| Prince was said to be the aggrieved one.

 

PRARS HRUGER DEMONSTRATIONS,

 

Mayor of Marseilles Wants Government to
Persuade Him to Embark Elsewhere,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Panis, Nov. 13.—The Journal dea Debate’

| Marseilles correspondent says that the Mayer
, of that city has brought pressure to tear upon

the Government to persuade Mr. Kriger to

disembark from the Dutch warship Gelder-
land. on whic! he is travelling from South
Africa, at either Brindisi or Toulon, fearing

that British commercial intere-ts will take
umbrage at the pro-Boer demon-trations whieh
are proposed at Marseilles. It is understood
that a polite “iggestion to thia efect was made
to Mr. Kriiger by the French agent at Jubitu,
but no attention was paid to it.

 

15,000 BOERS TO TREK,

 

 

Will Crose the Kalahar! Desert Into German
Southwest Africa.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur SUN.
Berutx, Nov. 13--The Lokalaneriger an-
nounces, concerning the recent statement of
the Southwest African Company that it would

} not oppose an influx of Boers into its territory,

that 15,000 residents of the Transvaal and Oranwe
ree State will cross the Kalahari Desert into

| amaraland, which is a German possession

But it is a fact, nevertheless, that even $30 will |
not buy you the suit or overcoat we make fo |
measure for

penn a
;
§

15

§ nnnnrannnnnnennnnnnt

Take into constderation the goods, the |
workmanship that enters into them and the
finish given to them by experts in their line, |
and you will see how impossible it is to match |
them at even double our price.

W. C. LOFTUS & CO,,

Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge |

 

Roberts Reports Skirmishes.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Loxpos, Nov t8-—In « desniteh te the War

j
OM-e, dated at Johannesburg yesterday, Lord

Koberts gives the details of five skirmishes
with the Boers He saves the commandos ap-
pea’ to act independently, with no particular
oh ect excep! to cal'se as much annoyance t
the British as possible oninninn

a)
Cotton Steamer Wrecked at Cape Finisterre.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN
Corunna, Nov. 13 —The British steamer
Anubis, wth cotton, from Alexandria, gvpt

for Liverpool, has been totally wrecied at Cane
Finisterre. Her crew and passengers were
saved

 

Womes May Practise Law tn France.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

when Count von Bulow will attend for the |

Loxpon, Nov. 18 Colonial Secretary Cham- | Augusta. the daughter of Prince Christian of |

| of misconduct
| confidently

Panis, Nov. 13.—The Senate to-day, by a vote |

of 172 to 34, passed @ bill allowing women to

WALTER L

 

on't
Be Fooled

If you pay the
price, see that
you

Get the
Genuine

Welsbach
Mantle

How can you tell it?
Why, easy enough t

6e900a

 

The name ‘‘Welsbach”’ is
stamped on each Mantle—it
is packed in a sealed box—
it gives a beautiful, pure
white light,

Look for the Name
Look for the Seal

Welsbach Company

1133 Broadway

and all dealers

999990900000000000000000000000000000 000000000000000000000000 00000000005 5000000000000

©900000000000000000000000 9000000000006 5900000050000000000050000000000000000000000

©000000000000000000000000

 

|
|
'
1
NO CUr IN ENGLISH TAXES,

Sir Michael Hicks-Reach Says the War Exe
Penses Will Not Permit It,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN;
Loxpon, Nov. 13.—-In a speech at Bristol to.
night Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, Chancellor for
| the Exchequer, said he had hoped to retire from
office, but had not been permitted to do go.
In view of the prolongation of the South African
war and the exrenditure of $5,000,000 for the
China expedition he could promise no relief
from taxation tHe would be glad ff he was not
obliged to increase the taxes
The cost of the South African war could not
be made a permanent burden on Great Britain,
The wealth of the Transvaal should bear a cone
siderable part of this expense
|
|
|
'
}

 

EARL OF ROSSIYN APOLOGIZES,

 

Accused British Troops of Cowardice on
Hearsay,
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun

Loxpon, Nov. 18 —The Prince of Wales ine
quired of Gen. Roberts aa to the truth of the
assertions in the Ear! of Rosslyn's book that
some of the British troops were guilty of die
creditable behavior ut Sannus lost, and the
General replied that he personally Investi-
@ated the matter aid did not hear a whisper

He authorized the Prince to
eontradht the stories The Earl
of Rossivn has now writtten to the Prince ade
mitting that his assertior hased on hear
sav. and humbly apolowting to all concerned,

—_
FOOD FOR ATHLETES

Kebuilds Brain and Mascie,

 

A young athlete, commen ing on the need of
well-selected food to build up a man after over.
study, says. "Two yeors ogo | returned home
from the university my bealth quterun
down from over-study and severe athletic tra ne
ing. Ineed dag odfrest (o putmereht: but
instead of taking it, Wen" to Work in an off-e
with very confin ng dul es

“My health grew oo better, I felt untt for

wors and utnieit woul | lieawakes-veral hours
b fore sleep would come The appetite was
Gone entices Ore Loring a new dash °
eared o} the t.ble, GrapesNuts vith orear

Nesithought it anexe lie t foo
od, and I not
onty enjo ed breakfast that cas, ‘but t
ora appar ax ean a), it dinner
“This ither surprised me Bir
we that Lhave
made the food 4 rewular article of Het t ke
a be xonhardat tie office and offen lunch n
Grape: Nuts and cream instead of going iv
ner

 

 

though it was in the e

i i immer when I
ata ditheuseof the fod tw us not] ne Ce
fore L had cained 18 pounds. und [| know it ie

fron. the use of

; this food that LT ein stacd+o

        

While eating Grapes Nute

‘A snorttime ago | toonght GraneeNite were

commencing to disngres wit t found ¢
was because To was tina me 1 you fe .
ominend stripy ate ¢ much atatme and
more than the system required Wher !

turned to the regulur ‘teed of
tea-oons, the o.d get forthe fo

s young man is a imember of lie a
famous family. Here yi sts that hi nam ‘te
omitted, but the same can te furnished by ar-

four heaping
d returned

| sg to the Postuin Cereal Co., Lid, Battie

Teek, Mich —Adr,

  

oro

 

 

f