“hark retur

TIE PHILIPPINE MAILS,

posT OFFICE SER

 

UNITED STATES
VICE SUCCESSFUL,

Director Vaille Tells of Progress That Hes
Leen Made—More Thao Solf-Supporting

—Sucoess Largely Due to the Co-operation
Quarters Desired.

 

of the Milltary New

WasninoTton, Novy. 13.--The annual report
of IMrector of Philippine Posts \aille, made to
the Postiias er-(ieneral, &4)5

“Itis very wratify ing te state positively that

the jeur's work has been very satisfactory,
pot alone to the patrons of the service gene
tie army and navy and in civil life,

 

erally in

if weluut is to be attache 1 to compliments
and the absence of « nplatnts, but as well
to ms -elf, Lecnuse the close of the vear thnds
the serie wi a handsome surplus to its
credit for the second tune in its life of twenty-

Che servie has paid for ttself-
andt reacit has been accomplished without
savrifcing eticteney to @ fale economy 7

“Ar le says decided progress has been
made in opening offices and arrangements
were made for the opening of army Poet Offices,
The succes and economical adininistration
of the service Ls largely attributed to the co-
and MacArthur.

four montis

{
la

 

of Gens, Otis

operation

 

 

 

The thirty-seven military offlces were operated
Without expen-e to the postal service and gave
Oi7o in reserve. Had regular portal eme
4 Fe been stationed in these offices the ex.
peuse for salaries & would have been $51,
uu aw en In tue prov nee cf Pangasinan,

vice Was tried with native
to 1,183 paid letters were
Duwupan, the central
‘ rter ofthe year, The
eestulbl Shinent of a system
is in tue States would

t mall re-
t

Where Balive nm al

carriers, 6$1 ofichil
handled to and ft
off-e, during the |
rejortcastiatt
of Post Offlces suou a
involve enormous expense W

 

      
 
   
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

sults, although some set
fisied over the main ro >
{Inudvicable at the present time to take steps
for a ee ial iss of Philippine stamp Rall-
may, an % . yperated on the only rail-
road line, and twenty-two newspapers, Maga-
gines and periodicals have been entered as
sevfond-class ioatter

Lie reco;tmieids new quarters for the Post
Ontve,

Following our occupation of Manila,” the

" ces of everthing increased
on the houces have been
@ the streets Ly Amefican

   

 

met

[)e better currier service is an evesore and
raiuct ntinue soe until nat.ve carriers can be
seviread who can read baglish_and distingulsh
one whife manfrom another. During the) ear

 

87,734 ney orders were i-ened for $1,626,919,
on whieh the (es amounted t $5,627. The
revenues from @ll sources cince May 1, 1889,

and ext

enditures $08,220,
of S10e24

have been $117,548,
fhe fees from

leaving a surp}us

      

 

 

 

mone order service are not in lnded, as they
revert to therervice inthe! nitedstites, Owing
to the <tammnaaant out to the soldiers fram the
Rhitaa an eoltection of postage on soldiers’
lettecs on Cheir delivery tharecents do not show
the actual amount of mall handled. From
82 19 42 per cant. of t letters despatched were

of one of these clase Mr \Vaille saves the
time ia not rina for civil service in the telancds
If the Government centinies to operate the
telegraph lines he advises that |e operators be
mada postmastera, so that proper salary can
be pald

NAVAL OFFICERS CXONERATED,

Lose of the Cruiser Charleston Not Due to
Their Drunkenness.

 

Wasiinaton, Nov. 18-In a communication
received at the Navy Department the charge
te revived that the officers of the United States
oruiser Charleston were drunk when that vessel
struck on an Uncharted reef off the north ec

 

ist

of Luzon. It was just a year ago vesterday
that the Charleston was lost luk SUN
reporter was permitted to-day to examine

the records of the investigation inade by the
Departinent into the charwes ‘Talks with the

 

Department authorities developed that,although |

publicity had been civen to the charge at the
time it was made, the fact that those acctsed
had beew) completely exonerated iid never been
made public.
lhe Navy
clined to give the
brougut tho «
ehowia bY Lie ¢ La’ papers t
tne Kev. J. lars, a missionary of the American
Board who has be aliouedin Biuuwaria, Mr
vd to Boston reeantly and the Now
Voie, a Pe ytion newspaper, cited bim as
@uthority for the statement that drunkenness
Among the ( hariesto oMicera did exist when
the cruiser was wrecked, A cupping «f this
articla Was seit to the Navy Department by a
oston clergyman, Who requested laformation
whether these charges lad been investigated
An answer covering the result of the investl-
ation of Mr Clark's charge showed to the satie-

Department has heretofore de-
tue pers who

tion, It was
y that he is

name of

Oo its atte

 

     

 
   
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

action of the Navy Department it wus
untrie, and the Departhoent ctspr {of the
matter in a communication to the Commander
fn-Chief of the Asiatic plation, the main para-

   

 

            

gran) of which follows
‘The Department epts vour snegestion
that for the reasons stated by you a further ine
vestle tion of tuese mat sis now tinnecessary.”
With the revived charge i¢ counled a new one
that ‘a number of sailom who testitied at the
ourt of inquiry that the loss was caused by
the ar er eas ofl + were puntshed
mony by -enfances to imprison.
two to four vears.”

Mr. Clark is cited ne authority for

that the men were released on
from Washinirten

f the Navy Department show

Il enlisted m of the Charleston

testifion the

 

 

   

eourt ef inquiry that an officer

ad broneht ashore his personal effects alter
nen had heen forbidden to take theirs from

e wreck liese men were necused of false

 

     

  

 

sWwenring and were convicted, receiving sen-
tences of from one te four vears’ lr pinent
Owing te legal irreanierit n tals,
the proceedings against the were di approved
mend they were released Although eve meme
her of the Charleston's crew was aske nt the
court of inqguir if he had ar complaint to
make, none came forward to use any officer

of drunkenness

THE GOVEONVP\ T'S FIVANCES,

 

 

To Better Coodition Than ‘or Many Years,
Save Secretary Cage.
Wasninactos, Nov
tnitted to the President ar

Secreier

Cage fub-

ofthe

 

     

Cabinet at the regular:
lorecast of the be os Ti
finances winel v ippe
to Coneressa next month In general, h ‘id,
the Giover: rent tinanees were i re anilie
pactory condiiont ih ONa tedat ! eur
Lhe operation of t tq i
the | t rior f« wr ’ ! , ee ied
with wo friction, mand the result t the law, co
far ne they could be otserve id been ox.
cellent. Moret Bthw? het conta
had been tured rea beets eas
and private holder eschange for ew
2 percent. bonds of 1o40

Phe ratic of Goveciment tecelpts to expendi.
tires, the Secretary rey i d an ¢

atantiv and easineiy er , Mitra .

 

 

. € the } t
fire! four months of the | re.e ot fecal year the
it t vl fe fod Jeo, Hot
hetand ivvecpendinre, Mt Gave
raid he « not ut me nn inte
€ est e of e surpl for the wl
e heeatise he ia not vet received
} ‘ tea «of toe militarv est ' ent
Hind leone vasa
c@lnt foo ( ere et ‘
by 4 hanges in the V Reve
WORK ON NOt rSsris

Constreetor Hichborn'’s Voothty Renort Shaws

    

 

Sey i Near @« letron

Wasnt ‘ parry
Telrtorn’s tol the eond
{wo , ’ 4 jon shows
at, ol tlie " oun now in
rN iss 89 per cent
iow , ! oes NeNX
ia ‘ > turd with
Sper Cena Phe Maru pereeat compie
the Ohio 33 per cent and the Missouri 17
eent

OF the six provectet seraof the Denver
class, the Denver ieads + l percent of wort
done tat ao I eriy cahed a tor
ectiout, now unna i + nearer completion
than any of her tires sister scips, with 71 per
want of work douse

Tie torpedo bout destrovers Lawrence and

Mac Donough are ¥s and a? 4 ent. cormpleted,
resjectively ,

Gr the torpedo beats thea Coldsborough
the Stringham, the Bailes and th
Stoexton area asl w 1} f comple
ion, No progress nis le the sub

 

tnarine torpedg boat Pluaser
$5 per cent

Wiueh remains at

SAeut, Hourigon Probably Dismiserd,
WASHINGTON,

Nov. 13 hi

 

 
  

  

he court-martial
ones of Lieut. Patrick WH U. 8. N..
“ill be disposed of Uo Seoretor: Long Ina d
ortwo. Itissaidatt i riment that Lieut
Mourtgan was convicted of drunitenness and
would be severely pu i The senter
sosed by the court Was t disclose
his is the second conviction was
dismisze.!. Lieut He nh was tried board

the United States tr: hip Lancaster at
Jlspon. Portugal, last mouth. — ; =

 

LITTLE MONEY TORN

Appropriation Will Be Used to Incresse the
Number of Enlisted Men.

Wasntnaton, D.C, Nov. 18.~Secretary Long

{4 engaged in the preparation of his annual
report, and it is now regarded as certain that |
the construction programme which he wii |
recommend to Congress will not be nearly so}
comprehensive as in other years of hls service |
i

EW WARSHIPS,
|

 

in the Navy Department. There ts reason
to belleve that there has been 10 change ia
the disposition of the Navy Department, poluted
out in these despatches several weeks ago, to |
ask Congress to provide this year only such
wunboats and supply and training ships as!
are absolutely necessary for the navy, omitting
auy armored vessels from the programme

The Department, it ls believed, will urge that
the money which ordinarily would go for the
construction of battleships and arnored
cruisers should be applied this year to pros
vigine a necessary increase In the number ¢
enlisted men, The navy hag not enough bine
Jackets to fully man the ships in ecmimission,
and no provikion has been made for crewa for
the many large vessels under construction er.
authorized. The main renson, however, for
the Department's indlaposition to recommend
an extensive building programme is that there
are now so many ships to be built under au- |
thority and appropriations granted by Con- !

 

 

   

gress that no time would be gained by In-
creasing the list fust now, the firmns eapabls |
ef constructing armor clads having about all
the work that they are able te do. Besides,

 

the bids for the construction of eleven armor
clasis have not even been opened \
Chie! Constructor Hichborn has. submitted
his minority report as a member of the board
construction, in which he yoses the pro-
gramme of the majority of the board for the
eonstruction of thirty-six nev ips Hel
recommends that the programme be Ilmited
to three battleshipa, three protected crujsers |
of great speed, ae high as twenty-four Knots
and twelve gunboata This report, that of
the mafority of the construction board, an
another from the general board of the nay
of which Admiral Dewey ia president, rec
tnending the construction of fower ships tha
proposed by the constriction board, but

 
 
 

 

 

«}

 

 

 

on

    
    

than the number Admiral, Hichborn we .
are now before Secretary Long and are re-
ceiving his consideration in the preparation |

ef his annual report It appears to have ber
settled that the Secretary, in maklig his recor

a

1
generul |

3

 

 
 

mendations, will, in fustice to the
and cone tion boards and Adnvral H i
born, « yn to the building programune

 

w hich they ha ® proposed

NO SWAKEUP IN THF CABINET.

Ail Members Kemain.

Wasuingion, Nov, 12--The understanding
that the President wanted all the members of
his Cabinet to remain through his second ade
ministration was practically con’ rmed at
day's Cabinet meeting by Mr. MelKinley bir
the session reference
was made to the result of the election and the
President took advantage of the occasion to |
that he regarded the outcome as an tie!

reeinent ag raiich of the conduct of the menie |
rs of hia Cabinet as of his oWn course, 44 |
tat they had done in thelr aeveral branche ¥}
|
|

lo-

 

The President Intimates Ils Desire to =
!
|

course of

wef in the

giv

 
 

 

  

t.
tne
\

 

of the executive governtnent had all contribut: d
to the satisfaction wiueh the people found with
Administration, Lhis brought a chorus
ef modest “noms” trom the Cabinet and there |
wre a dispose tion shown by the members. in|
order to bide embaerrasanient caused by the
President's pralse, to regard his words as not
meant Seriously, Rut the President shows ty)

The

 

 

 

   

 

    

that ho meant what he sald and desired is)
otuelal family to understand bis reniarks in
that light ihe aubstance of further remarics
by him waa that the American people had
shown satisfaction with ti Administration
as a whole, and there waa no mistaking t
{nferenee tliat he desired all the present Cul-
inet to eonthiue tn office during the see di}
term of the Proosident |
The President's attitude In tha matter prac-
tleally removes all doubt as to a general shahe- ;
up in the cabinet. It is not Hkely that more,

 

 

trorney-General Grits
will retlre. She great business sacrifice t
Mr. (irigwa ia making by remaining in thee:
{net is well understood by the President

his colleagues and should hia present diap
tion not change he | probably resign v
theendof the present Administration
for both personal and political

than one member,

 

  

{th
Uthough
reasons Mr. |
MeKinley Is extremely loath to let him go

 

  

To question of the war taxes wis mantioned
brieftv, but it wae concluded that no definite
policy of reducing (hese taxes could be de-
elared until a clearer idea of tha exnected

espenditures of the War Department ts ole
tained. After further conferences with the
Cablpet and with members of the House Wevs
and Means and the Senate Finance Committees
the President will probably make « veneral
recommendation for mich a reduction of the
war taxes as (ongress m deem wise, The
{pression fa that the receipts from the War
Pvenue law may safely be reduced by about
£:5,00,000 a vear,

NAVAL BOARD UNPIEASI(*\TNVESS,

 
   

 

 

 

 

Chief Coastractor Hichborn Thinks a Siicht
Has Leen Put Upon Him.

Wasnivoroy, D. C., Now, 13

of the Naval Board on Construct

‘The members
on are Involved

    

    

{n another controversy which has seme amusing |
features. Rear Admiral Hiehborn, chief! con- |

itor of the n ber of the;
board, went to t f last week. |
to attend the launching of the terpedo b

Lawrence, While he was away t other

 

   

  

   

       

 

  

     

   

  

    

  

members of the board held a meeting and made
a new distrliution of the work coming wud:
each bureva in the work of constru 0
hattlecline inst ruthorized, taking f: iral
Hi porns sy some of the er zg
work, placit under the -te’m eng neering
bureau, dplacing under tn *b bia |
tu trol nda f vw towers and
hull plates, hitherto under Adr Hiehtoer
Lure These cl to be effective |
bu t) adit the ” f Naey j
The board alsa recommended to the See. !
hat Admiral Hichbern be requir
he Irnpersonal ters burenu of cor
and repalr,” im-tead of the per-
le chief constructor in the spectficea-
for the new hattlestips and the dirce
to prospective bidders as tow
for plone. The majority of the
contended that the burean of eonstru
and not the ciuef constructor, was the respote l-
ble narty in such ‘- nd, furthermore, |
that the heads of other hes of the Navy
Departrient hed mere their pereon uitles
into tt tur m Which % controlled
Admircl Hiehbern will make a protest te
Seeretir lene penne a n taken ?¢
the board in his His frier
that the boord wa deprive itn
t ef clief carstruector It ix sedd t
will eontend in bis protest that bf ;
eortain we der the ordnance buresn the
hourd Te the proteetion material re
quired “ ' i) Government will 7
he of dt f 1 high price usked
for armor plate, r 8500 a ton, wherens
the const i burean buve if as construe. |
tion mate it 4 t $189 a ton |
Col,  B. HARRISON ISOM LRGrD: |
| Son of the Fa-President Made a Good Recoid
tn Coba and Porto Rico,
Wasninotox, Nov. t&—Orders relieving |
fteut-Col, Russell OG. Harrison, Inspector
General of United States Volunteers, from
further duty in the trent of Porto Ri
and hunevably dls net from the sei
vi f the United » issued by ’
“oar Depart t ' © dise rm ast
» ‘farri the result © mbeotistiup ont
Depar “ut of Porto Rice f whieh
4 Inspect eneral i's Harrison ta
YW oex-Vresident benjamin Harrison

  

 

Advertise
in Time

the tirne
argumient

and al!
Put your
on an

Csherne
Art Gaiendar

and it will stay where you :

send it and speak for you
365 daysin igor Write for
rates and reasons

THE OSBORNE COMPANY,

277 Groadway.
Works, Newark, N. J. ’

 

i
‘

   

“1NE)

| trid by general court-martial of Lieut

 
 
 

LIEUTENANTS

COMMANDED COLLIDING TOR+
PEDO ROATS OFF NEW PORT,

Court Recommended That Leut, Urown of the
Craven Le Tried by Court-Murital, bat,
Secretary Long Simply Censures Him, To-
gether With Lieut, Miller of the Dahigren
Vasuinatox, Nov. 18.—-The findings and

opinions of the court of inquiry whieh invest-

gated the collision of the torpedo boats Dalil-

gron and T. A M. Craven off Newport, Oct. 16,

together with the action of the Navy Depart

ment in the matter, were made public this after-
noon. The court was of the opinion that Lieut,

Ford H. Brown, commanding the T. Ao M.

Craven, Was mainly resoonsible for the colision

and recommended his trial by court-martial

Tila recommendation was not followed, the

Secretary of the Navy to-day approving the

following memorandum of Judge Advocate

General Lemly, advising that Lieut. Brown and

 

 

 

 

; Lieut Wisiam C. Miller, commanding the Dahl-

gren, be censured
“Wasminatox, Nov, 18

“Respectfully submitted, with recommenda
tion that the finding of facts and the opinion
of the court of inguiry, convened by the De-
partment’s order of the 2th dav of October
jast, whieh investigated the collision between
the torpedo boats Dahlgren and I, A. M. Craven,

be approved
In view, however, of (he fact that few ole
cers have Jiad experienco in the handling of
torpedo boats, and of the Inadvisability of
inculeating in the minds of the younger officers
of the servioe, to whom the conumand of such
boats must necessarily be entrusted, an excess
of caution which nught seriously interfere
with their efficieney, it is believed that the
‘ord
Browu, while properly recommended by
the court, ls unnecessary, aud 1 have the honor
therefore, that said officer be, as
weoft Lieut. William 4 ilor, coneured,”
court found that the night Was dark,
but lights could be wdstinguished and there
Were ho unustial Neuliies in navigating Ue
boats; that Laeut. Miller was fernillar with hand-
ling torpedo beats in company, but Lieut
Brown was not, and that arrangements tor
safety had been agreed on by the twy officers
be court aays also that the Craven
Inaitaned at a proper and gale Gistance from
the Dahlgren, that no perfect lookout waa
kept on the Craven and that Lieut, Brown
leit his position of observation to exanune
uchartatanimportant ume
Summing up ue cyurt 64) 8}
fle opinion of the courtis, therefore, that
Lieut. Ford H. Brown is malniy responsible
for the collision, His dangerous position with
refereuce to the Daluaren Was of tie own choos
ing, as Uae noderstuuding between the come
manding o two boats Was that the
Craven should ‘foliow’ thea Dahigren, Boing
1 position he should have recowuized

 

ii

 

 

 

   

Howry
HCers ¢

 

 
 

 

   

        
  

the esdity of absolute Vighance, His en-
deavor to jook at the chart at such @ mument
Was a most serious error of judgment. Any
acxiety as to position or depth of water was
Al that tirae i ual for, aud saeuld not have
drawn his attent'on from the much more press.
{ne danger of ¢ tuation in eh he bad
placed himsell, abs desire to observe the chart
while wortiy in itself, was inopportune and
{'-fudged: and this error of fudainent caused
him improperivy to havard the Craven under

I produced the collision with

his command, a
iatter bout had the right

the Dahigre:, wuieh
of wy.

‘In the oninion of t!
ceedings shiould be had
H. Brown, and that omtice
a mwenera irt- arvial tot

rro-

e court further
i t [le Ford

 

ould be
the following spe-

 

  

 

   

     

cifle acts, name
Fr performance of duty

in fa t estances in which
thet tra tindar his
com ’ il the vigilant
lor 4 pervision over his
vease ents ne sary to avold col-
lision, ’ improperly hazarding sa‘d
vessel ni asipat couls 4 between <aid ve
se! and rpedo boat Daldgren, with

’ which }.e was crufsing in company.

“While the « of the opinion that the
maln resy jsion rests upon
Jieut Br t. Siler come
nilited an ¢ not, in the cite
eumstan ne wav the tne
tended o) fieut. Brown, tn
whose ¢ vp before man-
emuvred hoats ‘yea gourt, In exe
ress ne pelon regarding Jieut. Miller
nas in roind the fect thit it_nas not been cus-

torpedo honats together

 

tomary In handling
to give previous not thon of a change of
course unless they e culte close to each

  

 

other, a fact which mithgates greatly the error
of omission reserred to on the part of Theut,
Mile

For this error of jent the eourt ts
of the ordnion that J Miller should Le

 

ecensul

@dinenished or

NOT SAFE FOR HIM IN ALABAMA,

Jacobl, Who Coos.d Siratved Relations Be-
tween Two tovernors, Hack tn New Orleans.|

 

 

New ORE «Ns, La, Nov. 13.--Sanford Jacobt,
the roung moan charged with attempted out-
| rage in Montgomery, Ali, was brought here
} to-day accompanied by two guards, as & pre
caution in consecuence of the excltement

growing out of the fidlure ¢ f the jury to agree

 

 

 

¢
as to his guilt. Jacobi is a member of one of
the wedthic-t and best-known Hebrew fant
lies fn Alibama and Loulsiana, When the
charge of ntet outrage was nade ugninst
him, peut ! r a i lone

  
   

 
   
   
 
  
 

 

in
fivnet

   

 

 
   

 

| Internal Revenue Collector o* Hawatt Nestene,

 

Wasnt ; = ms Wil'fa Naysood,
Colector of Internal Pevensie for the Tiistiict
i has i 1 is gnition tothe
Conmtnissh ner ft int rons leven Mr, Ha
rood \ Co eoora Honcluu Letere
the annesaten of the isan

Army ond Nave Orders,

WASTING TON, Now. le These army orders bavs

  

 

  

tried by {

2: iii cit ER

Was hot)

 

) also decided to purchase a lot

WwiTH A PISTOL.

Fired « Fusillade From a Veranda Roof tn
Mount Vernon—Passerby Barely Eecaped.
Mount VERNON, N. Y., Nov. 13,--Mrs. Grace

Dequelin, who is well known uere as a church

worker, created a sensation last night at 0

o'clock by elimabing on the roof of the veranda

of her home at 302 South Sixth avenue and
firing several shots from a big revolver down
the street. One of the bulleta plerced a trea
in front of the home of George Stevens, and
another graved the head of a woman who was
passing

Mrs. Dequelin’s act is said to have been due
to the delusion that her husband, with whom
she had quarrelled, was about to take her two
children away from her. She is the wife of

René Dequelin, a Frenchman, who is emplo: ed

as an expert decorator by the Tiffany Come

pany in New York. Tuey own a pretty home
and are reputed well to do. The heme is near
the Westehoster Wheelmen’s clubhouse, and
the shooting attracted a crowd of oycii-ts und
reaidents of the neighborhood. They found

Mrs. Doquelin still on the roof, in her night
dreas, wita the sinoking pistol in her hand.
Her husband was in the yard, g@esticulating to
koe every bo out of the way

“Look out!” shouted he. “The woman ta
cravy and she may shoot again,”

In the meantime a telephone message had
been sent Police tleadquarters. Wien
Dotective Lynch arrived at the house Dee

telin and some of the neignbors had got Mrs
Jequelin back into her room and had yt

 

to

the pistol trom her Mr. Dequelin said Quat
his wile was under the care of her phys n,
Her mind. he said, had been unbals or
years, and although she twuked rationally ay
times ee was likely to becoine dangerous
@t_ any moment

Mrs. Dequelin {s 25 yearrold. | She was for
merly Miss Grace Tibble of Philadelphia. She
was married te Dequelin, it is sald, in opposition
to the wishes of her parents and relatives. The
couple have two children, a girl, ® years old, and
abovot7. Mrs. Dequelin savs that herimarried
life lias been unhappy. She Aserts that her
husband on Monday night had locked her in her
room

“He had threatened to leave me and take
the children,” said she , “and I
BUpposed he was about to carry his plana into
tion I was so wroveht un that [ seized
1 hacan to fire, hopi it would

the ne re 7 thank God that the
s did not t any one”
lin admits that he locked his wife In
bur save he did so to force her to
awasanervyousand needetsloep ie
an inquiry made into her mental

  
     

 

 

   
      

  

sill '
condition

 

DALY TO RE RURIED WIRE,

The Millionaire Mine Owner's Body Not to Be
taken to Montana.

The pallbearers for the funeral of Mareus
Daly will be James B. Hagin, John W. Mackay,
Henry A. Rogers, Willlam L. Ball, Hugh J.
Grant, John A. Sullivan, President of the Cathe
olie Club, Ho-mer V. Parsons, Vice-President
of the Wells-Fargo Company, and William
Seallon, Mr. Daly's attorney in Butte.

Mrs. Daly and Mr. Scallou deternuiined yestere
day after a conference tuat uomediately after
the funeral services In the Cathedral the body,
accompanied by the family and a very lew
of Mr. Daly's most tntimate friends, would
be taken to Greenwood Cemetery and there
placed in Jolin W. Mackay’s mausoleum, They

| in Greenwood

   

 

 

    

 

Cemetery and have the body interred there
fnstead of in Montana Late fn the after
noon thia news became known in Montana,
and last nigut Mes. Daly, Mr. Seailon and Me
Labor, Mr. Daly's private secr ) were
aituply deluged with telegrams fre triends
| in Montana protesting against Mr. Daly being
buried in New York, and askuig Uiat he be

} @omerys, tile ut “
| were , w Orieans,
7? ' .
w!
ber
hiewr i
cot t Jacobi |
Won wulee Wis
eivet ery under
the
| Montgomery
has just result amilstrial, the J stand.
{age nine th Mia bs 11s E¢
once more th weinet decom,
asa Mort yeruper r }
of the J re were bribed. lu consequence of
th vw gr Astect f Jicobl ree
turned to-d to New Orleans u eucard
New Regimental OMcers for the 284.
Cast. George Albert Wingate, woo hos been
Adjutant of the Pwaotyetiuird rthe
past four wears, may be s tite
PColonsie? the reg me lias
hie neley oft klva reair .
has teen yacant fo Pr and nine
iy fil ng the if
Gen A ‘ tlhe ce mand
ofthe rem ment nad ¢ t bp elected
leeute ‘ eo, the n, ft is under
wood, would be satis get ’ ound
Canse of Indica 1 a Eaplodon Not Keown
Wasnixatoy, D.C. Nov. 13.-The Board of
Inquiry anpoinied te fnquire Pte the recent |
in a powder magaviie at the Oncian |
wi ‘ 1, Marviand, hae repeovted
to Hear Admiral «Neil, chief the Naval
Rurean of Ordnance, tha was unalle to
deterna the « weeorto tte tl eepor iliy,
nnd recommends that 1 further proceedius
be taken.

been issued
These medical oficers detailed to represent the
artroentef the Agr tthe ban Amer
ch Coneress to meet int it { Hiasana,
» Mator lory Haverd, Sturgeon Major
nic, deoree reron Maja cetierson MK. ean
Capt Richmond MeA ofdl, Assistant Quar-
termiaster, reeend ! .t nh Francisco os |
Yiarier ter d ne oe ssary OMeer Subs |
Sint ne thetr Ma ving Capt ilary
J. Pettus S¥igta t
Fitst daeut vi
fr San orpat Chi

on tie sta!’
<n ‘

 

   

r re 8 Vorg, from

Isic Sf \ ry for temperery duty

Mator a verrla raron obonteers,
ho 1

capt | yirth Infontrs, from reeruit
ine at ’ 1t wark, No «
Leving Capt lest A
and Virst | ‘ ent) /
from f tine Lie vill

 

proper tecr. ting station

These ra al orders have been taeued

 

Assistant Surgeon ©. S. Hutler, to duty on Inde
pendence

Capt Mol. S. Mackenste, to New York yard, in
connection with r ts to tne New York

Eneten } litegerall, to Kearsarge as watch
and division oMeerr

Cogrt of Appeals Calendar,

AILNANY. Now 18
for Wedresd
iit,

The Court of Appeals calendar
6. follows: Nos 825, 627, 697,

 

fe. 21

 

 

Tae

Real Fstate Informattys You Will Apprectate,

Next Sunday's Sus will contatn an article on West-
ehester real eetate invaluable to beth the speculator
and homer.ie srekers The advertising columne will
serve 08 4 useful guide to propertics in the market,

 

 

   

 

 

 
  

    

buried in the State where he won his name
and fortune apd for which be lad accomplisied
go much gvod

jue report in an evening paper that the
will of the dead milllonalre when read would
show that all Mr. Daly's money and property
had beeu lett to Mrs. Daly in trust the chil-
dien, in order to prevent his da ter belng
persecuted by fortune hunters, was the cause
of an Iintevesting announcement last night.
This was to the effect that Miss Marvy Daly
was engaged to be married to James W. Gerard,
a young lawyer, and a member eof the firm
of Bowers & Sands of 31 Nass street rhe
second darghter, Muss Margaret Daly's encase
ment to Carrell Brown of Baltimore, had a'
ready been annonneed. The adults ateong

the children will receive thelr ahare of
fotuer’s estate and Mrs. Daly will hold in trust
the share. the vounger children

The bod is now at the Daly residence, "27

  

   
 
 

   

Fitth avenne Awreat number of the trtends
he dead millionalre left cards there vester-
the most intimate triends Were

ro Tvdv and her daughters

lation was indulged in yesterday

Much spect

    

asto the amount of the fortune leftbv Mr Daly
In speaking of eat ite nwhe has known
much of Mr. I y's interests for veora said thot
he thought the estimate of $20,000,000 Inade |
some was too high He said t) the estate
would amount to somewhere between $12,000,-
0d and $20,900,000 and that he thought the
@inaller amount bearer correct
nOY MISSING SINCE NOY, 8&8,

He Left Mis Place’ot Employment Without

Hat or Coat avd Almost Pennfl as,
Fdward lefrige, 17 veara old, of 218 East
Light rth street fa missing On Monday,
work as usual in the grocery
inger & Co,, at 2488 kighth avenue

 

 
 

     

 

 

Cie
At noon he went out fer lis lunch and returned
at the re,ilar time A few intimates later he
told ide emrblover that he was going out fora
few tiinvies dint iest t store wi ut waiting
his he te had but a lew
he *time Phat was the
of hi ol his friends. is
° noth ed the case to the poe
lice la nbohit t that she feared foul
bu had overta im. A general alarm
Wi ‘
Her Uosband Killed by the Boers,
Mra. louis irving Seymour, whose husband
| 1t the Boers while he was leading
a boty o infantry in a charge across the onan

dron June 14, arrived vesterday from ]

     

NOVEMBER 14, 1900.

‘ 8 : . annem . Craig colony
day morning while he was on his wax to his ; 3 Refinee and feformatories for women at Hudson,
employers’ oMee, he was wariald in Van Buren mit AY A CAR-SIX CENTS, Albion and isedford Women parole acents
street, near Buahwiek avenue, by two fo tpads, eee ; and women marshals have aso been provided ‘
who clubbed and robbed him of a wallet con- | Verdict Set Aside Because It Should Have for this class of institutions ; *
taining $900. The money, he told the police, | Keen Kigger or Nothing. | While some of the larger salaries have been
belonged to his employers, Tt was given to . | reduced, a number of the smaller ones have
him {In the shape of a draft when he started A verdict of six centa daniaces which James | }een increased with the belief that this would
jon a trip to the West some tine ago While FP. MeQuade obtalned agains: the Third Avenue , Tes it in . ttor eervi = oe the part « f {aes
tn Oacecla, Ja, he had the draft cashed, and | Railroad Company for personal injuries was whe are brought dire in contact with the

ve Rion
nboard the Atlant ¢ transport steamsiilp Minne.
heha, She was met by her brothers-in-law
doh of Wali stoe and
Frede ‘ Church - A
Mes. Sevinour wre eo Town w her |
hus wi waa ki ' went te Kimherles
and had jis e¢ m lle was; eer
at toa Hiand : ‘ used are o
{ " sone ren of several nauonalte
ties, fo protect the raiiwas

Appointment fer Jacob Agne of Uttea,

 

aArmant, N.Y. Nov. 13. -Gev. Roosevelt has
arin {Jacob Agne of Uthea a menager of
the } * state Custodial Asylum, to fill the
vocanes caused by tie death of Joseph Savles,
mame eee ee Cena e ~ o- cememrew-o 0

 

Hard Coughs

No matter how hard your
cough is or how long you have
hed it, Ayer’s Cherry Pectoral
is the best thing you cou! ae
sibly take. If you are coughing
today, don’t wait until tomor-
row, but get a bottle of Chert

Pectoral at once and be relieved.
The first dose will make you
feel better.

  
   
    
      
    

  

      
   
 
    
       
     
   
          
          
      
 
        
    
    
     

Three alzes: %e,, enough for an ordinary
, toe, just right for asthma, bronchitis,
ese, whooplug-couch, hard colds,

nog. economical for chrotic cases.

ce
hours

Ei.

 

   

CHESTER BILLINGS & SON,

& ccessors to

RANDEL, BAREMORE & BILLINGS.

       
 

 

58 Nassau Street. 29 Maiden Lane.

  
   
   
    
        
 
   
         
    
 
 
    

   
   
   

To substantiate his story of robbery Martin Court yesterday for iradequacy. McQuade | St. John's Gatld Annual Meeting.
| ahowed a sight eut on bis head. He said that was running after his hat when he was struck | . ae
after he was robbed one ef the assailants ree by acar. The Judge said te th ry The annual meeting of St. John's Guild was ;
turned and clubbed hit so mat he ¢ ule not ‘Gentiemen, L will heve to order that this | held last night at the Waldorf-Astorla
nave an outery. The money, he said, was in | verdict be set aside it, after vour delibera- The hort he rout "
an outside pocket of hi- waistcoat, which the _— vou have decided that the plaintfl at : o ae ont oF the Executive Committes, read _
robbers ripped open he police could find) bar has provea his ease, then he ts entitled , bY Willian PF. King. showed 1 most satisfactory
no buttons missing from the watsteoat ner qo subsatanti damages. The verdict is en- in the work the guild is doing amo
any part of Martin's clothing disarr med. | tireiy inade juste if the defendant was guilty cand ye lo the number releve
The spot where the robbery ts alleged ty have | of negligen e * there was on increase of 21 per cent., while the
been conmbited ts thickit ponulated, No one There will be a new trial | operating expe vere OF ll’, ber cent.
contd be found in tne nolviborheed whe had on annals above these of previous year ;
eurd of the attoek on the buyer : : ‘ bef Trusteos cousl ts of twenty-five
h ar Vkormer said that Martin had no | ee No Daeee Dest © to awn a Home. caine hve scams. The five slected
! reason for cashing the droft at Osceola, as he “are, tehe er county i ; a erates: e er ad- | oy ‘ spt’. ‘tng vere John Clifilin,
had made no purchase there | res ae any other i Willam Fo King, fieary Marauand, doln D.
——— enema | Sunde eont n article on a mins and Gil t "t wee hn W. Weed
| thie subject of vital inte those desiring to pur- T Pines cop et efthe me ting John W, Vee
The Weather, oba e hon esites Thee ising colunins will Bond epoke » few wor in ealogyv of the aulld’s lato
asa useful dirccwry, ~. | President, Ex-Mayvor William L. Strong.

| pre

| night; wind westerly to southerly: averacve humidity,

| land, eastern

, cloudiness and rain possibiy iurning to snow

   
  
  
    
 
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
     
   
   
    
    
   
  
   
    
  
      
     
     
     
       
    
   
   
     
       
    
      
       
     
   
  
       
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
      
    
  
     
   
  
   
   
        
  
 
  
   
   
   
 
      
    
     
     
        
     
   
 
 
   
   
    
 
  
 
   
  
  

 

Ss 7

The Best
Things
To Kat

ARE
MADE
WITH

ROYAL
Baking
Powder

Risen with Roval Baking Powder, all these foods are
superlatively light, sweet, tender, delicious and wholesome. "

Royal Baking Powder is the greatest of time and
labor savers to the pastry cook. Besides, it economizes,
flour, butter and eggs, and, best of all, makes the food
more digestible and healthful.

   

 

Hot-breads,
biscuit,
cake, My
rolls,
muffins, 4
crusts,
puddings,
and

the various
pastries
requiring

a leavening
or raising
agent.

as ae 7 ~*
I ee

SS

ee

There are cheap baking powders, made from
alum, but they are exceedingly harmful to
health. Their astringent and cauterizin
qualities add'a dangerous element to foo

The ‘Royal Baker and Pastry Cook ''—con-
taining over 800 most practical and valuable
cooking receipts --free to every patron.
Send postal card with your full address,

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM STREET, NEW YORK.

MURDERED IN A FACTORY,

FOREMAN KILLED IN A FIGHT WITH
FOUR OF HIS DISSATISFIED MEN,

      

  

CORNER LOSES A FIGURE,

| AMEN
|

 

| George W, Whittlesey Dies at the Fifth Avenue
Hotei of Heart Disease.

 

HAMMERSLOUGH BROS.

Stocks are up in Wall St., but here’s a stock
that’s marked way down.

For we are retiring from the retail business
| and are selling every garment at exactly 60
} cents on the dollar,
Beautiful Oxtord overcoats, suits, trousers,
|
|
‘

New England family of that name, who has
his home for many years,
died on Monday evening at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel, where had Hved since 1803, Mr.
Whittlesey was born near Wallingford, Conn.
He came to this elty a great many years ag@0
and \ived at various hotels. He was a resident
of the Victoria for fifteen years, and went from
there to the Park Avenue, where he lived for
seven years before he made the Fifth Avenue
his home. Mr. Whittlesey was known by all
of the guests at the hotel as Col, Whittlesey
He was acquainted with all the politielans and
others who make the Fifth Avenue their head-
Quarters, but none of them knows much of his
history. He enjoyed conversation on general
toples, but maintained the utmost reserve

in reward to his own affairs. It is known that
he was well to do and had stock in the anthra-
cite coal roads. He was about 70 years old.

The Workmen Thought [im Incompetent and
When Judgment ina Contest Was Awarded
Him One of Them Kroke His skal! Witha
Piano Leg—Al’ Four “Men Are Arrested.

William Willow, the foreman of Doll's plano
factory at 918 Southern Boulevard, was killed
vesterday afternoon in a fleht with Jour work-
men in the place. For seome time past the
workmen in the fuctory had been dissutisted
with him, and yesterday afternoon matters
came to a focus when Otto Spellman, 31 years
old, of 877 East 154th street, a pluno polisher,
frankly told Willow that he was incompetent
and unfit for the place |

Willow demanded to know if any of the other
men in the place thought as Spellman did
‘Three of them replied that they agreed fully |

with Spellman. They were Louis Mathieus, 46
vears old, of 582 East lioth street; teginald

made New York

 

George W. Whittlesey, a member of the old |

full dress suits, Tuxedos, Raglans, etc. All
are made in the fashionable, high grade and
, trustworthy manner for which our clothing
is celebrated, but all now go at exactly 60
cents on the dollar.

hundred of our finest fall overcoats ara
‘They were $12, $15 and $18,

Several
now marked $6.50,
Many silk lined.

OUR ONLY STORE,

 

Ackerman, 20 ,ears old, of 618 St. Anne's ave- | 4 Jong time ago while he was on a@ hunting ex- .
hitie and, Lo is poeenks oe of 60S Bast 150th ; pedicion his left arm was shattered by the acol- 0 BROADWAY
street All are plano polishers , dental discharge of his gun, and it was neces-

Well,” retorted Willow, when ther apprised aary to amputate it. Some two weeks ago lis ?

 

BET. 12TH AND 33TH STS,

him «f their opinion of his abilit ‘there are | physician told him that his heart was weak
fourofyou. Twill make a bet that ] will turn | and that he must avoid excitement. On Mon-
outa better plece of work ya wiven Uine than | day afternoon at § o'clock he became ill while
all four of you put together. altting in the Amen Corner, He started for

Phe bet was accepted and a committee WAS | his room and his condition was such that if
formed to fudge aa to the re of the contest. | attracted the attention of the hallboys, one of
When it was over the comuittee de ided that) whom accompanied him in the elevator and
Willow's fob was by far the better of the two | to his room. Mr. Whittlesey’s physician was

 

| SPATH CHARITIES SALARY LIST,

   

 

    
 

 

This enraged Spellman so that he ploked Up @ > gummoned, but could do nothing to relieve
hfanod lew and brought it down on Wflow's | him and he dled about 6 o'clock —_——_——
head with terrible force As Willow f ' to ee a as The Governor Apppoves the Report Securing
oor Spelinan struck him several times y rc ;
onthe head, fraccuri onl and cause | FORMER MRS, SWAIN DIES HERE, 0 Regree et Denereaws b
iesfon of the bran —_— ALBANy, Noy. 13.--The schedule of salaries I

 

and wages in the State charitable and reforma-

rit ocourread at 2.10 0'clock Since Mer Divorce From the Chale Manufact-

 

and Willow |

 

d ‘ arts oo Rhy urer Sho Has Lived in Europe. tory institutions which report to the State
of the row at 5 o'clock and sent policemen to In the death on Monday of Mrs. Jeasle Webb | Comptroller, which was adupted by the State

 

Comptroller and the President of the State
Bourd of Charities last month, was approve
to-day by Gov, Roosevelt. These schedules
cover and regulate the salaries of more than
a thousand officers and employees, ranging trom
euperintendents at £4,000 a year down to em-

the factory and the four inen who had been in
the contest were arrested At 9 o'clock last |
night Willow died in the hospital and then a
charee of homicide was placed against Spell-
man’sname Thethree ot! er men were locked
Up as accessories to the erlme
Willow leaves a wid ew and ehfld
led at the sta-

at the bome of her motuer, Mrs. k.S. Rawson
at 652 Bedford avenue, Williamsburg, ts recalled
her divorce five years ago from Spencer F
Swain, the chair manufacturer, and her mare
riage afterward to an Lnglsluman whom ehe

Ackerman's
had met on the steamer Wheu going to kurope

   

     

       

  

 

 

 

  

    
  

wife a I revt young woman . r ” ,
tion Liat nicht and with much weening begged Mrs. Webb, when she was marriea to Mr Swain ployees ree ening but ¥12 a luonth with maine
te ha allowed ty see her lubind for a few gighteen years ago, was well known «i Brook- wa fully ider all tl ug
1 refused her request yn society. After acguaintance with After carefully considering e BUH
mete a eee 8 Mr Webb she recu to tuis country and @@stions for changes iat were made by the
: | began divorce proces Qeninet ber bus. Various boards of managers, and secepting
BUYER TELLS OF A HOLDUP. ! band. After the decre isawarded to her such as seemed desiravle, the State Board of
_ — { whieh gave ber the right marry again she | Charities, oF Oct. 15, adopted ee cones -
0 of Hie Employers’ Money Gone-Shows had all her horses siippedto kurope, where it bow stands, securing substantial uniborrulty
eeee 6 Cat seed to Prove Mis Stare | ghe Was married to Mr Webb. Most of her In the salaries and Wuses Puld at the valious

ace = | life after her second marriage Was spent abroad iustitutions

Martin Martin, of 1294 Greene avenue, Brook- per arrival in this country two weeks ago Amo es shanges, the pommatonon has
i . af > at lenmir | became kne ito very few of performer friends, Provided for an improvement in the xc iolestioc
lyn, a buver for the firm of Volkommer & Son, ) She was il ithe steamer whi brought her | work of some of the institutions, by adequate
horse dealers, of Williamsburg, rep yrted ves- | here Death was due to heart trouble Mr compensation for the teachers Kesident
woren physicians have been provided for the

 

terday to the pollce that at 6:99 o'clock on Mons | 5Wain and his son stil live in Witliamaburg,

at Sonyvyea and at the House of

   

inmates of the institutions

he 5
set acide by Justice O'Gorman of the Supreme que -

having no immediate use for the money,
brought it back

     

  

 

  
           

 

      
 
  
  
   
 
 

 

 

     

There was aptorm yesterday centralover Michigan
moving eastward, attended by snow In ail the diss |
tricta tmmediately bordering the Takes, Elsewhere |
over the country the weather was falr, High winds |

allied in the upper Misstssipnpt and Missour! val-
jeys aud inthe Lake regions, ‘The disngreeabie con: |

A tions should reach inte this section and the New | 7. E h T l
Lngiand States to day | ac ab et

Yhere ts a second storm central on the Lower Cal!
iivh winds, An area of

 

fornia coast attended by
high preasure ts moving southward from Manitoba,
with deddedly colder weather lhe temperature
fell to within S degrees of coro at Moorbead, Minn.,
the line of freezing extending as far south |

Stamped thus

yesterday,
as southern J oWwa
Hieavy frost was reported at Tampa, Fia.: Jack:

ouville, New Urieans, Chareston and Corpus Christ, \. ~
Os Pes Guaranteed

Tex
In this efty the day was falr, becoming cloudy at

rrected to read to sca level,
67

  

Of per cent barometer
atSA NM, 2050 SPM

as recorded by the offictal ther-

Cure

 
 

|
The temperature |
mometer, ard olso by THE SUN'S thermometer at the |
street level, Is suown tn the annex d tatle |
-OMciik—s~ Sun's -—OMdal— Sunes
je, 180M. 19 boo. 1580, THO
fMA.M.4a0° 2 ane OP. M.81° 43° ge
12 is ay 45) ot. Maa gar aa
ap. M 52° ane Boris Mid 46° 26 47°
For New England, snow tn north, rain turning to

snow In south portionto day, much colder tomorrow,
generally fair and continued cold, fresh south winds
shifting to high northweet,

hour the District of Columma, Ddaware, Mary

Pennsyleanio, New Jersey, eastern
much colder today with increasing
to-mor-
row fiir, continued cold: wiids becoming northwest
and hich

Por western New York and western Pennsylvania,
enow, much coldet to-day; fair tomorrow, eon-
tinued cold; brisk to high north winds.

  
    
   
  

New York,