a

a

a

}
!

 

 

 

;
!
;

—— a ee

  

G CORCORAN IS DEAD.
Ine FAMNOL 8)

KI)

THE

“~

 

or
PASSES

FOUNDER
“noust"

He Was Chiety Noted for Mis Implacable Na-
tred of the Police and the Many Vights Me
Had With Inem-A Vieturesage Character
of Earlier Days tn the tite of New York,

James Corcoran, the kine of
Roost, died on Monday morning at tac age of
80 fa his old rickety home Ih Fortieth
between First and oe ond avenues, which t4 |
the one remaining landmark of the “roost”
that at one tne tiv ltered the Corcoran clan,
thelr goals, piss ind horses, but bade
no Welcome te the police, the mortal enernfles
of the Coreorans. His death
of the most picturesque characters tn New
York, Cor was born la Dublin and came
to this country forty-elght years age, settling
In the “roost, which was then almost a wilder- |
neas He erected a little shanty on the top of
the hill which abounded tn roe ks and ledges
and commanded a view of the East Kiver

There are many stories regarding the rea-
sons why Corcoran left lreland and one which
found the most believers and whi h he never
denied was that his father on his dying bed
had evicted by the Irish cone
stabulary and the Corceran cabin razed to
the ground Young Corcoran brought with hin
to Armerica a buxom wife who shared
with him his deadly hatred of the px lice, and

r

his last illness it was hazardous tor

Corcoran’s

street,

cows

removes ono

ral

been

even up &
uny one to mention the police to Coreoran
Alter erecting the shaut without consulting

the owner of the property Corcoran started in
business by purchasing % couple of goats and
selling the milk they furnished tle was frugal
and industrious and soon had enough jones
to buy nine goats His next venture was to
purchase a horse ind dump eart Ihen more |
squatters com need to settie around him writ
those who were not relatives were uged to |
et his permission and satisfy bit hut Wey |
iad the proper qua oa ia to join his Utiie
which his a

 

 

     

colony, over sol ate leadership Was |
never disputed fhe mun dlifleation Was |
the ability to punch a policeman or to |
nt od truders ii Corea! ! ! il
Tee pont wre : or the intruders d dinet get near |
enough for fistie combat tvs follower wer
expected to be la to throw rocks at then

do executor It

with good en ugh ain te
eto Teach

ble forthe f

   

Was Almost impo

the poowt as the, would have to chiib over

the rocks and therel expo-e themselves to
e Corcoran battene

iy oot theft. were laid at the door of the

residents of the roost but to the credit of

Coreot te, were not laid to his door It

  

pastine of the gang we

 

  

 

jere! a te}
to throw line | hookafrom rocky. promen
tories on the r vseing buteher carts

-t to

ideas of Peet wach were bLeug
The drivers did net dare
to follow and the police always found an ex-
couse to keay away from the place, Corcoran |
prospered from the tart and within afew years
owned a mimber of carts, horses and cows
and had t et of men worying for
him There were born to Corcoran three sons
and a daughter, and he often apnorn ‘d with
pride that his sons could has die themselves
with anv men their weight and loved a polices

and hook ul
carried to market

 
  

 
 
 
   

man no better than he did

The attention of the police was frequently
draws te the roost beca of the fights that
took place within tts ders Sometimes
when there were no polos or outsiders to
whip the residents wot flehting each other
Corcoran Used to excuse these lice ructions by
saving Sure ther bves want a Iittle fun

Jvery wan of thin misses ther fairs in the ould
counthry, phwere they wud hev glorious woims
poundin’ ache other wid ther eh lulees There
niver was inny hard feelin’s over it") Corcoran
used to take a hand in some of the fights hi
self and on the few occasions the police at-
sempted to interfere the fuhters stopped the

 

 

battles and to a man turned on them
Coreoran'’s wife Was almost aa much of a
characier as he was. Coreoran called her

the aj ple of his eve and held a grand “s!.tndig’
on the rocks one night when she showed bn
pve buttons torn trom @ police captalin's coat
t appears that whlle Corooran and most of |
the men were away itom the Poost that dav
Mrs. Corcoran was waited upon by the captain
who made some injubies about some etolen
property. She retallited by knocking hira
down and giving hin a sound thrashing after
which she secured the buttons. There wae
alwava a wrand celebration on the roost on
the fst of May, Coreoran’s birthday and the |
anniversary of his settiement of the roost }
He replied: “You know King George came

|

|

over hera to foight George Washington Tle
anchored |is ships rotght there in Kip's Bay
rocks thera forninat vou
more British |
me byes ter |
|
i

at ther foot uv ther
OL was thinkin’ that If enny
came here Oi: wud he here wid
«ive them a war-rin rect tion *

Once when asked why he hated the pollee
he aiid: “They do be ther same here as ther
peelers in Oirland, brass buttons and blue
ooats are the same iverywl ere
good fer ther loikes uv me or intiy poor
man.” About. twenty vears ago Corcoran |
constructed the residence which he died |
{fn on plans of hie own The butlding ts
three stories high. The lower story is built of
stone and is used to the present dav asa stuble
The Corenrans oeeupy the two upper stories,
which are of wood. Inside ts 9 maze of hall-
waye and ricke'y balustrades, and wooden
plazzas adorn the rear, Corearan wi ld allow
No improvements on the building and it standa
out in peculiar contrast to the modern build
Ings surrounding. One by one_the shanties |
on the foost disappeared and Coreoran’s re- |
tainers became seatterad, until the Cerearan |
family and their house remained as the only
reminders of the famouaol vat

Coreoran’s wife died last August and he eom-
menced to fall rapidilv after that With all
his rouge) qualities Corcoran was known as a
man with a warm, wenerous heart. He gave
freely to the poor

They are no

     

 

IN BED BY

 

CLUBBED A RURGLAR.

Wife of a Well-Known Chicago Citizen In a
Critical Condition From an Attack.

Cricaco, Noy, 13 Mra, Orrin W. Potter was

rendered insensibie b» a blow on tue head from

acoesa to her badroom in her house on Laxe
Shore Drive early this morning. Her condi-
tion is critical and it is feared that the blow and
shock may cause her death

The negro had a sponge saturated with chloro-
form in his hand and was about to
Mrs. Potter's face as she lay in
The burglar made a
awakened her a

amr
bed
nolsa, however,

creamed

it to
asleey
which

1 shoe The negi

  
 
     
 

 

 

 
 

     

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

a@ billy in the hands of a negro who had gained |
|

 

| and Central

| for his act
| epirita on Monday night and had been playing

| cards

| MUCKLERERRY ROAD IN

ho the Board of Aldern en

STEAMSHIP DEAL CONFIRMED,
Alexander Brown Admits That Negotiations
for Consolidation Are Pending.

BaLrimone, Nov. 19 ~Alexander Brown of
the banking house of Mesars Alex ander Brown
& Sona confirmed to-day the statement printed
in THE SUN that a steamship deal is pending
Mr. Brown, who is a director of the Atlantic
Transport

Company, sala

“It is true that a deal is pending, but Tam,
not at liberty to give out any information at
the present time”

Further than this Mr Brown would not talk,
but from another source It was learned that @
of steamship companies {a con-

 

combination

plited, and that the Atlantic Transport
Company will be absorbed by the new con-
corn 4a already announced in Thnk Btn,

the price to be paid to Atiantle Transport atock-
holders is $800 a share, payment to be made
in new securities

The International Navigation Company, which
operates the American and Red Star lines, is
mentioned as the prospective buyer, It {a also
eaid that the Pactilie Mall Steamship Company
which operates steamships between San Fram-
ciseo and Japan and San Cranciseo and South
America, may be absorbed. The
negotiations on the part of the Atlantic Trans-
pert Company are being cou ducted by Messrs
Alexander Brown & Sons

Messrs. J. P. Morvan & Co. of New York are
also anid to be interested in the deal, This is
the first offletal cc mation of the reported
deal and disposes « inla that have been
made by officials of the various companies since
the story cameoutin THe Sty, Theacquisition
of the AUantice Transport Company would give
the International Navigation Company a@ total
of thirte-sie modern steel passenger and freight
steamshilpe.

  
 

———$———— ee

SUICIDE OF A BERESFORD,

 

“gon of an English Gentleman” and for Many
Years Cache Sam's Eatsted Man,

who

ifthe

Commissary Sergeant Marry Beresford
had charge of the commissary departrnent
recrulldng de;
known as Fort Wood, clde
terday morning by hanging hiimself in his sleep-
ing quartera His comrades could not account
They said he was in his usual gor id

ve

committed sul

Early {n the evening he received two

letters. One was marked “{mportant,”

   
      
   

| law it

t on Bedlow’s Island, which is |

but

after reading it Beresford, hia comrades say, |

did not seem disturbed Lieut
made an examination of Beresford’s accounts
yesterday and said that everything was etraight

 

MoArthur |

{ tewgether wit

| ment

Very jitde was known at the post about
Botesford’s personal history, except that he |
was an Englishman. Ue was very reuicent

abond his family affairs, but talked freely of
hig army history. It is not known if he had
anv relatives in this country. An examination

Lof hie personal effects will be made to-day

and something may be learned from them.

Beresford was about 48 years old. He te
aald to have served twenty-two vears in the
army. off and on. His enlistment papers show
that he haa seen twelve yeara of continuous
service
fantry andthe remainder of the time tn Battery
L, Firat Artillery. He was madea commissary
sergeant at Fort Rarrancas, Florida, last May
His three years’ enlistment ran out on Sunday
and on Monday he reeniisted. on his papers
he says hits father was “a gentleman and was
killed in the hunting Me'd

 

 

TROUBLE,

City of Yonkers MWiy Fine It 810,000 and For-
felt a Valaable Franchise.

Yowrens, N.Y, Nov. 13 --Through its con-
nection with the defunct Third avenue rail.
road the Yonkers branch of the Huckleberry
trolley syndicate will to-morrow be placed tn
auch a position that the city of Yonkers can
demand from it the forfeiture of $10,000.

In the summer of 1800 the Huckleberry line

while struggling with ite rival, the Connecticut,

Traction Company, for franchises throughout
Weetchester county, secured from the Yonkers

Board of Aldermen franchises for laying
tracks through the principal throughfares
connecting Yonkers with New York The

| grants were signed by the Yonkers authorities

in August, 1899, and the company filed a bond as
@ guarantee that it would have ita lines in
operation fifteen months later. On Monday
night representatives of the company applied
for an extension of
a year In whieh t late the lines specified
in the orminal franet The request was
championed by President Walea of the Com-
mon Council, but Alderinan John A. Southwick
interpored un cbjection This preved a
knockout, a8 under the fr ila the matter had to
be laid over until the t neet ng of the Coune
cul, whieb will be held t weeks hence

ihe trolley company’s lawyer Vvalniv ene
deavored to persuade the A derman to with-
draw his objection. His protestauoen means
that the elty tuemorrow can legaiy crim the
forfeltture of the company’s bend and oan
also annul the valuable franchise which the
company holds, as the tho iimit aspect ed in
the franciilse expires to-morrow Not only
wil the oomnany be piaced in this predicament,
however, but it will also bea o liged to forfeit
a road now practically comp ted? hut not tn
running order, extending from
Tuckahoe

It ia rumored that the Connecticut ‘Traction
Company may enter another tld against its
old rival at the next meetfog of the Board of
\Idermnen for the purpose of securing the fran-
hla which the Huckleberry may be called
upon to forfelt. The Huckleberry managers
{naist that it waa owlng to their connection
with the Third evenue read that they were
unable to fulfll thefr contract

VEW ADJUTANT-GENPRAL IN JERSEY.

Co!. Oliphant, Naval Veteran, Appointed to Be
Geno, Stryker's Saccessor.

 

  

 

Yonkers to

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

| cligd the day before Col. Streng was buried

Ha was five vears in the Twelfth Ine

{
|
|
|
|

| bustaess, and that the business cleared about | fererishness and the gulning

started for the door and tuen turned back Trrstox, No J, Nov 13 —Gov Voorhees
and struck a heavy blow on the helplesa | tornieht appointed Col Alexander © !
woman s head with abill Ax heleft the room | of thiseity to succeed the late Willams Stu
he fan past the apartment oo ied bs Miss | , re} :
t i I i : e Finnt -General « the St .
Margaret Potter, and awaKened her ja \ int-General of 3 he ; te
Miss Potrer jumped from her bed trd Spencer, Inspector of Rifle Practice, was
directly in front of the burglar, who th lacar ' or the office as was Col Chambers
her with death if she attempred t } Col Oliphant is 40 vears old and has Ived in
With his escape He ran down Io “> sd bowl 1 I flr tone
the street through a rear ae Mias Potter | SUS city mAce om » His first military
hurried to the room of her mother, who liad | service Was us an emergeney met ber of Com-
recovered consciolsness and become hives ! pany A, Seventh Regi ent, at the time of the
cal Mrs. Potter soon lost) consciousness ; ne :
avait railroad riots at Phillipsburg. In IS8l he was
Entranceto the house had been gainedthronch | art df the Naval Aendemy at Anna.
a ~ a fe io meats ‘ I 4 skeleton ae Phe! polis ar or the next two years served on the
only ne the burglar left was his chloreforn | . tne Meek
bottle, the lapel of which may prove of value, | LU oS 8 Lanecuster, flagship of the European
Mr. Potter, who was asleep in an adjoining | Sauadron Ue was an vide to Rear Admiral |
room “ae ’ awakened until the robber com- | Gherardi when the Litter commanded the |
is dovghter to remain silent Hie ‘ ; ae i son hn :
i from bed and feached the downstairs | American faroes | t AMSANGA, Otter
tas the man jumped through the door its bender er of Olphant let
spe pi ee ae . the navy owine to the passage of a law reducing
Potter reside ” Was entered sever! oun { F » ? i passe ne
months ago by porch: mbers and at that ai the or ( . ile sad pe sed @n @X-
. AO eaeh af dinmar 4A cellent ex for promotion Le was
nearly $60,000 wort! lamonds and elr ar okt ' } ‘resident Meck sy
was taken All effort+ of the police to tnd the y , uy bs re caane chiuley a@
thieves proved fruitless. | Vipits o ! s Naval Academy
ae a ' | Ihe new Adjutant General is interested in
Kankakee, fl, NS 8 —It {@ believed here | several local busines + verna. tle has been |
Mr Orrin \\ Potter’ waatlant a ; well ast} the Assistant Adjutar of the State
thief Ww Mo se red @20.0 ewels from t nee 188% and has | on identified with
Potter dwe iz Y thon’ w ray have the Slate n
Mugene dann n noe lover of Miss —————
Potter, daue nae |
Ant Wis sent tot nose SHOWS AIS GRATITUDE WITH $20,000,
harged, t wi theeTortsaf Mr Potrer | fs anne
, ee at Phe l @ GO TE Const veteran Remembers Two Comradis Who
t f ' " t t disappeared .
efore the case cn enter ep OG! | liciped titin When He Was to Trooble,
TS ' Oxana, Neb, Nov. 1%. Major T.S. Clarkson
VEW PORKETRS KEPT OUT OF TEAS and Harry M rner enc reeelved $10,000
, - avy from an old army comrade whom they
Wall Street Mer Pfeeted Prom an Overland wfrien ded a couple of years ago. Robert M :
Train by Qu rant: ne ' ) lopert Ma-
» antl (eoarde, } eal tt le, Ala.. Was the donor
New ORLEANS, Da, Nov The Sunes Phe three were together in Sherman's march
Timited train of the Soutlern Pa whict tot 1 e West and tan ve
: us
arrived here to-day. revoct« that SB Meoteus : a 4 UINent sarvice AA an
andJ 1) Barrett. t ew Yorvers of aa \ ‘ ° ’ » Fetera: Boliding here
‘ ih ‘ ae
etreet, Were puto ie train act letaa Stite a | * ‘ nfo clean up the Post
line severa’ millas west El Paso The Tex Nee a e had quit work, ‘Iwo
qiaranvine wrirds at that . ao’ z coe eicsa ' f money was misao!
inrassionertieta men en . And a diapet sel Mavors. ile wa
ehalls 1 ' a ‘ : Avr est aad seooteld. Ciarkeon and Turne
ex vosed i remetsce t ‘ nai i tie ‘ save Macors, who was
agal).t b Pewee ts seeing uy a 4 is b t “4 ac The: he went t
antne Measr Moeksen ar ! ert ° tit t ' nt-.ille, A'a
from San Pran feoo east nots ; 41 th age a tne led and left Malors
not provided with the ne « a onn oe i fo lie haste ed to Cimava with the
and were left hy the war ad  , firet oa uidin by the administrate: to re
aa ber e art COMTPACES The tiree had a
{ yin Omaha ted Major (lari
RUSINISS PER LES EN CotRre, wa i t t eame here onset
a4 telegram tocet bienna ves
Mffort te Show Thot the Am rican Rrewing —— a
Comoany Ts Violittog Anth trae Laws, A Canadian Soctety Dinner
New G9 vs, la, Now Suit was Qed An infor al dinre: under the auspices of the
nder the ate AY l t law agai Canadian Socety of New York will be given at
fh. ‘ » bre f i v h ine he Victor Hot)l, Broadwoy and lwenty-
udes re t , ;
to 3 ay red . rust a 7 a at seventh ‘ret, Thured.y. Nov. 15, at7 PM
it refus sell beer to all per. ane oc Mi . Al: Canuci ns, whether res dents of New York
rejecting those entirely persons equally, | © Voll Ts, are ¢ ordialy invit) dito attend
{t® conditions, and allowin, . +7 a not accept Tickets and a other information may be ob-
hates to its favorites ig extravagant re- | ‘aned fom A.J. McDougall, 836 broadway, or
lh ©) Hon er 160 Broadway

THE SUN, WEDNESD

W.L. STRO +& CO. DISSOLVE GREAT MOUNTAIN CLIMBER HERE,

RECEIVER APPOINTED TO CONTINUE
OR WIND UP BUSINESS,

   

  

AY, NOVEMB

  

 

Edward Whymp r ‘Yells of Some of Hie BMar-
vellous Expertences.

Edward Whymper, the distinguished moun-
tain climber, who was a member of the first party
which reached the summit of the Matterhorn
in 1865 and who later achieved renown by eliinb-
ing Chimborazo in Ecuador and attaining a
height of 20,500 feet, a feat unparalleled atthe
m if is ‘ fy ded a syr =e the timo and which bas been equalled by few per-

) ne 4 + ptre ° as

wan et sf Padaipicngi ee WS sons since, lectured last night at Mendelseoln
filed on Monday, was apparent yesterday when | Hall under the auspices of the American Geoe
the executors obtained an order from Justice ° graphical Society. Mr. Whymper, who is an
Andrews of the Supreme Court appoliting Ede | Englishman, {s on his first visit to this country,
ward A. Treat receiver of the business of W. L. t and just night was his first appearance in New
Strong & Co, the firm being dissolved on the | York. He arrived two weeks ago at Boston on
death of Mr. Strong. There were bo article® | @ jecturing tour, which will last until Christmas,
of copartnership which provided for the con- When he expecta to returnto hugland While
tinuance of the business, and by operation of here Mr. Whymper is going to spend a few days
7 ” or,

was dissolved, The bond of $259,000 | in British Columbia looking over the mountains
required fron: the executor was imme fiately there and may do a little climbing if the weather
given, and the recelyer took charge of the le favorable. This in spite of the fact that lie
firm's affairs ; {s now 60 years old and has done no great cliinb-

The order was mode in an action brought by ing for six or seven years
Albert Ro Shattuck end Putnam Bradlee Strong, Mr. Whyiwper, who when only 21 years of
executors. ‘The defendants are the surviving age astonished the world by the boldness and
partners of the firm, their names being: Frank | success of bis mountain climbing, Is partice
J. Stott, Franela ti. Cabot, Charles B. Yardley, warily robust ang Mie feel Be, cays. bake 1 4

1 c Mi ls } ' f 48 sleACiLess Which enable nt B
Charles W, Jones, Frank M. Kelly and John W, Matterhorn and revurn alive, aller tour of his
Dolson, An affidavit made by Esecutor Shat- | companions, including jword Fraucis Douglas,
tuck atates that the firm has many thousands

had: st thelr lives by the breaking o1 the rope
‘ a y t avove the average ip
of dollars of assets and has some debts, the ir, Whymper is a little ubeve the ry
greater part of which are not now due, The

weight, and one would hardly credit him Ww ith
postessing the agility needed to havigate moub-
firm did a dry goods and commission business
Phe partnership existed on an oral agreement.

tain peaks. on bis climb Mr. Whyrnper has
always carried «a camera, and his lecture last
Light was plentifully iiustrated by the stere- |
the affidavir states Chat while the surviving | optioon, some of the pictures shown having
mernabers of the fitm have the right to adminis
ter its affairs in its dissolution they have de-
clined to do ao, and a receiver is necessary to

 

Comp!teations Have Been Caused by the Al-
most Simaltancoas Deaths of the ex-Mayor
avd F. &. Stott, Both Indorssrs o1 Paper
Now Mataring--4 Friendly Receiverstip.

    

  

 

 

beeu taken at pojuts as high as sun

feet above sea level Mr. Whymper's

talk last night was more particularly on his

ex Diorations among the Andes in the, oourse

prole ’ erest of the deceas Of which he attuined his groutest helgh dab |
prot. titaassets The inter pat fthed ae OF aoa tne, tale ein fous, Before re tating
partner, the amount of which is not stated, | ghar part of his udventures, however, he told
the al.davit proceeds to say, i4 now vested in | of the earler attempts of mountain clunubing
trustin hisexecutors. By the wiil all the prop and the diferent ascents of Mt. Blane. The
ear . dierent Alpine societies formed slice 1S, he
perty of the testator was left to his widow for | suid, pow had more than 100,00 members, W hich
Under over to their eliidren, Put- | he thought was an evidence of the popularity

 

life with rem

mounts climbing bad attained. Mr. Wyiper

 

 

      

 

am Bradles Strong a Mra.) Mary Btrong | i
o 3 ; In tl nl ae : an ting of A } sald the equipment now in addition to the
Shattuck n icUen an accounting ¢ o roper shoes Was an ive axe and @ quantty of
interest of Mr. Strong ia asked for Jhe re- | hali-inch manila rope Most persons generally
ceiver is esipowered to conduct the business, | Wore u covertug for the eyer, too, he sald,
Uf itis t (to the interests of the birt, until | 1 very dificult rock work, he sald, it was the
ite affairs cut * woul up jhe receiver hag ) Custom to use what is called a fixed rope in ad-
nothing to do the rest of the estate og Sir | dition to that to which all are ed. ‘The tlred
Stroue. Kecelver Preat suid yesterday afters | Pope ls fasteied to rocks and taken up at liter-
now! ' 2 vals. The one indispensable tluug, however,

cujlivate was the art of

for the mountaineer to

H. Strong and the death of
at ket tt keepligon lds lege and to illustrate this pletures

“Lhe death of W

 

 

 

 

  

    

F. Ul. dio vio Wag the senior partner et the

Stott Wooleu Muls at Stottville, N. ¥., in whieh | Were turown on the screen showing guides
tue firm of W, L, Atrony & Co, was largely In | sanding on @ single rock with a precipice
tere-ied, tnade it tmpossible to negotiate the | belind then. ,

Hotes that were maturing, ge both concerns Mr, Woinper gave @ thriling description of
Were on the paper, Therefore, for the proteus | (ae manner ia wie Lord Douglas and three
tion of all the creditors, the remaining meme | others of the Matterhorn party lost their lives
bers of the turn and the trieudsof W. L. Strong, | {ust after the descent was begun, When the

 

lirst oae lost his footing he with a guide heid
on & Jagged rock and the rope Lrowe with the
man, leaving them in

 

the erecutors of Cel Strong ®
estate, all decided that a receiver ought to he
appoluted, for the purpose of a speedy settie- I weight of the fourth
of the firme affairs, Mr, &. G, Stott @afety. “The aceld said Mr. Wrmper,
{ “olgnt not to have happened and T have al-

ways laid it to a civision of responsibuits

dus to the fyot that there was no aothorized
i think it probable that all the mounttios

 
  

His death naturally complicated the situation,
and it was thought that the relations between
the two could be worced ont more speedily | leader.
and better by the process of a receivership in the world eould be conquered with proper
than they could have been cleared up by the; expe diture of time, trouble and lanor but
remaining partners, Col, Strons’s bon, Mr, | lor one thing whieh nature has made so far on
Putuata iF aciee Strong, {snot @ member of the |; insurmountable obstacle That is the moun-
| tain sickness resulting as one attalna hig!) alu-

 
  

 

 

firm, and therefore there is no direct family

{uterest now actively represented in that old | tude Pils sickness is a peculiar one and nee
house, It is due to Mr. strong’s memory | agol decided it was worthy of carelul investi-
that every eort be bent toward a speedy settle | g@ation I determined to find out whether its

elfecta were permgnent and where it first be-

   

megt The receiver will take hold of this
natter fer the sake of Mr. strong and those leame observed, Up to that time it had never
he lett behind him, No man in the dry goods | been Jaarned whether cures could be effected by
business stood higher than be did in the esti- | etaving on the spot and persons & hen selved
mation of a large number of people in all walis | by ithadinvarlably descended. Thatwus theonty |
of life. Nothing was too much for him to do | cure then known. It was my desire to investi- |
to help his trienda, Now that he te dead, ail | gota this which led me to undertake the ase mt |
that his friends ean do in return ie to settle | of Chimnboraze whioh tf imbold! ascended In 188
up hisaTairs dn the speediest way possil le ito a height of 18.000 feet. When we wrived at |
Mr. Treat waa asked the amount of the lin- | the xecond camp at an altitude of 16.600 feet the |
Holues and assets, Lut aaid he could not give | sickness had seized a!lofthepaerty, Thesymp- |
n estimate until the books had been exams | toms were fever, intense handaches and a tere |
bed. ‘gked if the firm was polvert he sald | rible craving for drink, which we were unable |
he could not answer that qyestion veculiar things about

 

   

   

One of the

 

as eo many | to satisfy

complications had arisen from the death of the trouble was the inabllity to tal} as one is
Col, Strong and Mr. Stott, both being inderesera | constantly gulning itke a flah At this altitude !
on Fas ond coming due, of which $105,00 worth | our pipes refused to burn. This con tition of
matures to-morrow finira lasted a night and a day. When the
In wuly last Mr. Strong reported to Rrad- ntensity of the xymptoma diminished, two
street's Unat the firm wae worth over #1,000,000, dara lates, we want up higher and pity! ed our

Than the

{ vappeured al- }
$.0)..% ayear. Phe business of the firm waa | though most of 119 still felt lifeless. Tero days
largaiy ogiaranteed, In the past two oF | Jyrer, however, we wore ahleto move and fins Wy
three vears they have taken oy some new woollen | reached the summit, harometer showed
Accounts Whose sales they cashed at the end of | 441 inches pressure, denoting an altitude of
last month, This took a good deal of money, | 20,500 feet.”

as they have to sell the goods at about #ix ;
roonths credit, They iasued some single name
paper, seldom having out nore than €250,000
a vear, and their paper found a ready marlet
at low rates

ineluding his personal means, outside of the j camp at on altitude of 17,399 feat.

 

 

the

 

YALE 70 EDUCATE FILIPINOS,

The Corporation Votes to Give Free Tuition |
to Five Young Men.

New Have, Conn., Nov. 13.--Senator De-
pew was one of the absentees from the meet-
{ng of the Yale corporation this afternoon
The corporation tovk tmportantaction tow-
ard doing Yale's share to help svive the Philip.
pine problem. It was voted that free tuition

 

NO ROSTON AND ALBANY STRIKE,

The Cause of Arbitration Wins In the Settle-
ment of Grievances of Boilermakers,

Boetros, Nov. 13.—There will not be a strike
of the boilermakers employed in the shops of |

} oO vany Railroac he }

the B ston and Albany Railroad and the men On | J) Quid be given to five Pillpinos of exceptional

strike in Springtield will recurn to work ag soon | {ituess @nd high character, to be chosen by

ia President McNeil of the Boilermakers’ Union, Judey daft or the Phlippine Commission
The , it & hoped that ail these svudente will be on

can make the necessary arrangements,
members of the Boston branch of the wnion
appointed a comrittee at the meeting last

hand at the Deginniug ol (Le neat coLege 5)
ur presence in New |
hem a broad educa-

  
  

| ud it is thougit tuat t
| Haven will help to giv

ight to walt upon Agent Bliss of the New tion apd enabie tuelr Alnericah brothers to
val k Central this morni: ; though they understand Weir ideas, capacity and lueuin
or entral this morning, although they | anioug Yale mea there seems to be no reason

why wu few men, chosen by Judge Taft or the
commission for excepuonal al Uuuiuents, shoud
hut Gv as inuch for tue fuiure of (ier own
homeland a» (he few Japatiwre students early
sent oul oY the Japanese Goverment have
done for modern Japan

It is belleved anong Yale prolessors that the
| Civil Servicg Cormmission at Waouington will

were willing that a strike should be ordered |
if President MecNeu thought It necessary to
takesuchaction. Asacommitiee of the Spring-
field strikers was in the city to consult with
President McNeil, it was deemed best for therm
to call on Agent Bliss and explain their ob-
jection to the Springfleld foreman,

At the conference which took place this morn.
{ng tn Agent Biles’s offlce, representatives of
the Boston and Springfield Union, algo of the |
men at work in the Allston shove and President |
Mi Neil and the tate Board of Arbitration were

 
 

 

   

 

make ain ellort lo ire Wine Operation of

many of the leading Coneg@s ob vounury ing
eneral plan to educate a few leaders of the
Lupruos

 

 

 

      

present. The ob ections of the boUermakers | Lhe most important announcement made at
to the Springfield foreman were gone into ax- | the meeing Was that of the resgeation of the
hauatively, Several propositions for settle- Kev Vi Geut BP Lisher, professur of eccles-
ment were subnutted end dsoussed with the | asticai history la lie Yale diviuity school, Prof,

Fisher ts @buul to complete his furty-siath yoar

result of a basis of settioment which Was mu- L
ol service in counechun wilh Yule University

tually satisfactory.

 

   
   

After the adjournment of the conference | His reagnation will take ¢'fect immediately
neither Agent Dilss President McNeil nor tb | alter the close of the Di-cente wb ceebratl
other members of the several committees | He was born in is27 and is sti in exeedout
would tell what the terms of settlement were heath
They all offirrned, however, that a strike had Through the generosity of Benjamin F.
heen averted, It ls understood that the ques- | Barge (class of 1857) of Mauch Chunk, Pa,

tions at issue wil be subrmitted to arbitration, | a new se of prives has beer institured in Yale

 

   

as Colleve. Ene prises are oe wr ae B, F

’ Barge mathematical prives and are to be

Chehs (0 Ferm 2 Vales, awarded anuually to members of the fresh

A letter war read at last night's meeting of | men and sopnor ‘Lasse ; a or, prize af
+e! June KK 1 » Cont pr . 2$, & pevond prize $15 and a third prize o

them sce lunrous tion of the Contral Fi der 5 feos Tre For cach clase 9 brik, of

i
|
|

 

  
    

ated Urion froma numer of clarks (un downs | Robinson Cheney bas aiven to the university
town | flee building. osking the Central Feder- | the «im of $5,000, the income of which ist be
ated Union to form aun nefoffics employees | deyoted to a seholarsiip in post graduate {
the Orgaulz ton Committee was dlreeied to) work, The scholars ip fs ¢iven In memory |
call a meeting tO epr: line mberm of Mr. Henry ©. Robinson, the uncle of the
tenis — donor |

Tvler presented ‘iis re.
The rey

Treasurer Morris [

FIFTY “ROOKIES” DESERT.

    

a port to the corporation ort covers
4 ren the flecal vear ending July 39, 1900. Tt shows
The Transport Kilpatrick Safls for the PRMIp: | pcs the total of assets possessed by Yale Unie
pines Without Them. versity. is $5,847,782.77. Cash received curing

eur !

 

the vear amounted to &769,5

T rg log . »} u
The transport Kilpatrick, which salled yes. nt funds of the university have t

2
¢
7
-

   

   

terday for the Philippines with two battalions | the year by the sum of 427.986 39, out |
of the Fifth Ardivery from Fort Hamilton, | ‘eum the Ceneral university fund
4 “ . » tha 0 ‘ 91 Gm &
ft more than fifty reernits behind. Some | been swollen by the addition of $210 G08 fx

The salaries paid to professors and instructors
| aniounted to $261.°05 15, and the salortoe and
| wagee to others employed by the university

of them had been on leave of absence for a
few dave and failed to turn up and the others

   
 
   

 

 

 

maunged to run the guard ¢ Monday ni ;
The eeortars hay ° nas aa net y Bix is lin Guties Hot those of insiruction amounted to
, use f ently at the Fort Handiton $114,742.82 _ nan ocean
thor hree of them were captured
an hour or se after the departure | LIGHTHOUSE BKREPPER'S LONG VIGTI,

His Assistant Ran Off With the Onlr Roat
— Distress Signals Unheeded Two Weeks,
Gnreexvont, L. 1, Nov. 18. —Ole Andersen,
keeper of Orient Light, on Plum Island, has
been having a hard Une owing to the desertion
of his assistant On Novo 1 Terence Riordin,
the sesistant keeper, took the only boat the
lighthouse keepers had, and telling Ander

 

 

   
    
    
 
     
   
   
         

that ne pod return in a short time r d |
| away e las not been seen since Ar =f

Tele hones In Manhattan and jeon was forced to remain on duty nearly all
th the —, ne Curing the rea alanis 1
x exhauste ov hin constant attention to the |

@ Bronk. light He put out a signal of distress, but it

was not noticed from shore until August Lor-
enz, a farmer, found the boat which Piordan
had used hauled up on well Assislanee
was then sent to the lonely keeper

Telephone Service

Savesfxpense at your OF FIOE,
Brings Business toyour STORE,
Adds to Your Comfort at HONTE.

Rates In Manhattan, from $56.C0
a Month.

One year contracts, Monthly payments.
NEW YORK TELEPHONE CO.

18 Dey Street. 111 West 38th St.
oN FN ET,

Dr. Lyon’s

PERFECT

Tooth Powder

Tine by people of refinemen’
for over a quarter of @ century,

 

 

“MANIMILIAN' CEWS VOT SO DEAR,

I¢ Is Said That the OMctal Appraisal Wil! Be
Under 65,000,
The “Maxim lian’ ‘Namonds seized on
Monday from two Mexicans who are in Lud-
| low Strcet Jail charged with siugeling them,
'

were sont vest rda” tothe United States At
pratsors’ OMce nd their value will be officially
dete mined. to-day it wae eta ed ) csterday
thatth: offelel valuation would be less than
$5,000

Juan N. Navar o, the Mexican Consul-General
said that he wos positive the aiemonds bh d |
never belonwed to the Maxie i ian ecllection

Gen. Abelardo A. Moscoso, who was in the
company of the Mezic ne shen they vere ar-
rested, isa native st Sano Domingo and was
formerly connected with a sp itish-American
trade paper published in this city

  

 

Price of Meat Not Gone Up tere
Reports received from Chicago state that
comb nation there has hod tie effect of raising

tie price of ment Wholesale butehers in
thie city say that the price of meat has noc
gone up and that there is no Peason to expect &
rise. ™

ER 14, 1900.

' pleely and brouht

jon ie

) manand sent bim to the rapes

} the jaw

Brooklyn Advertisements. —

 

 
 

 

 
 
 

 

Srooklun Advertisements,

ee

 

awe wee

That Is Right.

There are Overcoats in plenty to be had, but they are not

always of the right sort.

In details of fit, and what is techni-

cally known as “tailoring” you won't find one garment in fifty
up to the proper standard of workmanship.

We'd like to have you see our Overcoats—some cloth-
lined, some with silk shoulders and others silk-lined to the

edge.

Medium or Winter weight, in Oxford Vicunas or Friezes,

or Blue or Black Kerseys.

$12.00 for a Thoroughly Well-Made Garment.
Luxurious Silk-Lined Coats as High as $35.00.

ROWNING-KING &

Fulton St., cor. De Kalb Av., Brooklyn.

CALEB V, SMITH, Mauager.

   
 

W’GOVERN WINS ON POINTS.

FAILS TO KNOCK KID RROAD ouT
IN SIX ROUNDS,

 

The Brooklyn Boy Ki ecked Down in First
and Second Roonds and Ie Hit Harder Than
at Any Other Time in His Championship
Career—A Large (rad at the Ringaliie.

Cnicaco, Nov. 18--At Tattersalls to-night
Terry MoGovern of Brooklyn, the champion
featherweight of the country, met Kid Broad
of Cleveland in asix-round bout. The combat
lasted the limit and McGovern waa returned the
victor on points. It was one of the flercest
afuirs of its kind held in this city
in vome time. Broad's ehowing was surprising.
During several stages it appeared as though
he was going to prove Terry's master. He
dropped the champion in the first and second
rounds and had the Brooklyn boy's adinirers
worried. MecGovern's blows proved too much
after that, however, aud at the finish Broad was
at MoGovern’s mercy.

Broad hit Terry harder than any other pugi-
list has everdone, He roughed it repeatedly
and did not seem to be afraid of McGovern.
The champlon's superiority was manifest,
and Referee Siler had no trouble in picking
out the better man.

Five bouts of six rounds were decided tefore
the star event. The first “go was between
Kid Herman and Jiinmy Lane, both of this
city, at 118 pounds. Herman won in the first

| round, finishing Lis opponent with a right jolt

The second bout brought
out Henry Lombard and Dick F itzgerald,
also of this city, at 120 pounds ‘The
verdict was a draw. Next came “Young”
Sharkey of Chicago and Jom Riordan of
Peoria, at 135 pounds. The cortest was short,
Sharkey being put to Bleep in the firet round
with a right ewing on the polat of the olin
Two colured heavyweights, Jiu Bradley and
“Klondyke” cane next. Ip the fourth round
the referee stopped the mili and gave his de-
cision to “Klondyke.” The se:ni-wind-up Was
between Dave Barry and Martin Duty They
met at 135 pounds. The bout went the limit
an@ufty received the award

McGovern and Broad weighed in at 8 o'clock.
Broad tipped the beam at 125 pounds, while
MeGovern scaled in at 122)6 pounds. McGov-
ern's seconds were bis manager, Sam Har-
ris) Jack Koot, Jack Donohue and Tomy
Sullivan of Brookiyn, Broad was handied
by Casper Leon, Tommy Ryan, dam Bolen
and Harry Forbes Joe
held the watch for MeGovern, while Bat Mas

terson acted in the same capacity for Broad
When

Frank Kenuedy Kept time tor ie club.
the fight began it is estimated that 10,000 per-
sons were present. There was little betting.
the prevaiing figures being 1 to 2 that Broad
would stay the six rounds George Siler was
the referee, ‘The lads shook hands at 11 o'clock.
Firat Round—Both missed lefts and rights
and Terry staggered Broad with a stiff right
on the jaw. They sparred for a moment,
With @ well concerted rush Terry landed the
rightonthetaw. Thev then exchanged rights
ontne body road feintedand seut McGovern
staggering back early 6ix feet. He
followed this up by rushing. They indulged
In @ flerce mix-up in clinches. Terry backe
Broad around the ring and smashed the hid
to the ropes, @limost upsetting him with a right
on the jaw. Broad took the count and when
he arose McGovern was all over him, The
Kid, however, made a vicious Fwipe at his man
and Terry went down in a heap. He got up
smartly and they clinched, After break ng
they smashed each otier all over the ring
Second Kound—They began by exchanging
hard lefus on the heac
the right. Jerry ducked cleverly and swub
both lett and right for the Jaw Rroad escape
Terry to his knees witha

on the jaw.

 

Huaphreys |

 

«rit kept him on his

| discussion

iW, &

©

Open Satupiey cll 10 p m.

on the mouth, MoGovers then followed Broad
around the clrole end severa) heavy
knocks on the head. ‘The Kid Rung op deo
poratety, and Mao veat him on the body and
0c he kid swung hls left on Terry's face
Tue latter countered with the left on the jaw.
Broad came back with « left on the face,
Sixth Round —Mac started after his men 9
if he intended to end things in a hurry. e
landed Hghtiy on the face. Then hereached
Broad with a hard right on the mouth, and
Broad bled freely, They roughed tt all over
the ring and Mac eent the Kid down with the

right and left on the Jaw. Broad took the
count, Mac then pursued him around the
ring ani force him to the ropes.

Broad hung on gamely, and Terry hammered
thebody heavily, The Mid wassimply a puach-
img bag for the champion at thie stage, bu his
eet. Broad regained his
strength suddenly and tried for a knockout,
Terry was too quick, however poe eent blow
after blow on Broad’s face. MeGorern con-
tinned these tactics until the end of the round
and received the award.

 

 

EPISCOPAL CHURCH CONGRESS,

Christian Science Discussed at the First Meet-
log of the Delegates.

Provipencr, R. I., Nov. 18.—The twentieth
meeting of the Church Congress of the Episcopal
Chureh of the United States, the sessions of
which are to be held during the greater part
of the week, was formally opened at 10:30 o'clock
this forenoon, with the celebration of the com-
munion at Grace Episcopal Church. A ehort
sermon was preached by Bishop Potter ef New
York,

At the opening session to-night the tople for
was “Christian Science.” Papers
written by lTheodore I, geward, tue v. Dr.

‘Muntington and Dr. W ilhigns . Polk,
all of New York, were presented. @ 6peakers
on the gubject were W. A. Errington of New
York, the Rev. Dr. E,W. Donald, of Keston
and the Rev. Arthur Rogers of West Chester,
Pa. Mr. Seward upheld the doctrine and ail the
other speakers were arrayed againat it.
Dr Huntington enoke entirely: in oa
satirical vein He sald that the doctrine of
Christian Science was @ foundation of thin
watery jdeas,of which the fertilization of reality
was lacing Ue confessed, however, that if
he were to choose between Christian Science
and what the materialist had to offer for the
past forty sears he would choose Christian
Science Dr Rowers said the Church was not
at all afraid of the new doctrine _ A letter was
read from the venerable Right Rev Thomas
M Clar«, Bishop of the Diocese, in which he
sald that it would probally be the last docu-
ment he would be able to pen to such a gather-
ing The sessions of the congress will last for
several ( iye

FREE PASTEUR TREATMENT.

The Board of Health Ready to Care for Per-
sons Bitten by Degs.

President Murphy of the Health Board said
yesterday that no new cases of hydrephobia
had been recorded during the day, but he said
that he was confident that the notice to the

 

 

 

| effect that the Health Department would care

The Kid missed with |

heavy Mght onthe jaw. Terry found his feet in |
a $% and they mixed it up hotly. The referee
had all he could do w part the palr Terry
now rushed and the

stogaired Broad wit!
right on the juw Mec wern played for the
wed aud Broad sweog a bard right on the
kidneys The Cell found the boys loc!

Trrd Round -Broad sent the right
ribs while MeGovern's ieft and right
jaw. Broad retatiated by st
Terry with the right and the left, the;
and Broad sent the right to the ri
Govern started a rugh, but Broad deftly blocked
him, Me covera placed the left on the jaw,
but received aleftin retury, Broad hammered
lerry's ribs at every cuneh Both landed
nght on the ribs and heut and MoGovern
returned with a heavy rightor (uehowt, The
biows made Broad wince, The Kid swung
the right over the heort

Then they swapped lefts on the bodr. The
Kid was short with his left for the jaw, and
they were clinched when the gong toled

Fourth Pound—MeGovern rusied at his
Thehlow was
not a hard one, Roth missed with the right,
and Broad fabbed Terry's mouth with the left

 

to the
landed

 

  

 

 

 

 

   

MeGovern responded in kind Terry bumped
his head against the ‘Kid's eva Then
the ehomplor eame in and Was
met w the right on the ribs
Kroad se lefte to the head aud right to
the back of sear, MeGovern landed the
left on the ehia and the Kid's lett reached
MeGovern's head, ‘Terry placed two lefts ts

the chin and the Kid sent the left to the head
Broad cet the right to the head and Metovert
Jhim witha «tiff lefton thenose He

 

stagger
followed the blows with three more abs ot
Broad’s bleeding nose. Broad he ed the
left tothe aw and they were at it Hercely when
Utne Was ap,

Ru jound- They cane up fast and Me

nuorer cut on the
to the ropes, but
Me(evern’s right

Govern landed a batt rught
chest. Mae rushed the Kid
the latter clineled quirk) i
found an abiding place on Broad’ riba He
thenshotthe rigattothe faw. fb mi wedleft:
and MeGorern olso missed a heavy right for

Terry fe lowed Proved arcund the nine
and the Tid fruerrated hoa vious Ticht
RS

ST VITUS DANCE

 
 

St Vitus Dance is simply
lack of control of the muscles.
Feed ‘em with Scott's emulsion

of cod-liver oil. There's no

compulsion to go through life

making faces at people

We'lisend youa litle to try ef vou like
SCOTT & BOWNE, 405 Pearlotrect, New York

EEE eee
DR. A. VINEBERC,
Oculiet and Optictan,

No. 1 Evat 424 St, Cor. Gth Ave.
fe eet ene Eye Gianses and Speetacies
al era tices. No extra charge for yes

Artificial eyes made toorder. Oo? Ter TENS ©

for all cases free of charge would bear geed
fruit

“Only a week or two ago,” eaid President |

Murphy, “we sent out a notice to all physiclaps
that we were Qeepar d te treat hydrophobia
cases at the Ulard Parker Hospital.
have been prepared to do that tor two years but
the public didp't know it. We think the city
ought to care for patients suffering with rabies
and for people who have been bitten by dogs.”
The notice sent by the department to phy-
sicians said that treatment for the prevention
of rabies, according to the method of Pasteur,
would be administered free to any person
reriding in Greater New York; that {t weuld be

administered on request to reons outside
the sty ypen the payment of for the virus
used, anc

 

that to peryons unable to pay that
treatment might be administered without
charge by direction of the Board of Health.

WRECKER CAPTURED,

 

 

TRAIN

Ezra Tart, Who Caused a Death tn an Accl-
dent, Ran Down by Bloodhounds,

CHARLESTON, B C, Nov

of the Atlantic Const Line Railway were ad- |

vised to-day of the reported capture in North

Carolina of Ezra Tart, a young white man, |

who confessed to having wrecked the through
mailand passenger train near Fayetieville on last
Siturday morning
railroad spike to the rail with his he
chief, picking a dangerous curve for
formance. He danced with glee wheu he
kaw the train jump the track ter the train
had been piled up in a mass of debris, Tart
ran across the country and confessed his orime
to George Lovell A Sheriff's posse with blood-
hounds pursued him

Engineer MeGowan was killed and several
persons were badly injured The train which
was wrected was No 78 of the Atlanlc Coast
line trom Tampa to New York

 

® per-

A MODEL SEEKS

Said to Have Pised fora Painting Fubtbited
in Paris and Sold for 640,000,

Cnicaoo, Nov. 18.-Mre. P. B, Shaffner,

no mode! for 4 painting which attracted attention

at the Paris Exposition, is in Chicago trying

to secure a divoree from her husband, Phil

DIVORCE,

    
 

ae She was formerly the wife of Walter
; of London, reputedtobeamau of wealth
The paraliug for waich ehe posed as model

was sod recentiy for $40,000 to a New York
miliovaire. PAU Shatfagr, the model's present
husband, Was once worth $500,000, He is pow
in New York, and reports as to his present
velal cou Mion are varied, In the divorce
bik ol Mrs. Shaffuer charges that her hus-
hind at divers times tried to kill her. When
the couple were married in 189% they oreupted
a handsouely furclphed home at 31.8 Michtean
avenus. Mra. Shatfuer left her husband eight
mouths after the marriage. She ia handsome
aod begau posing as a@ model when she was
5 years old

  

 

To Cat Charities Department Salary List,

Preeitent dulin W. Keller of the Charities Da-
partment has cent @ request to the head of each
bureau under him for asehedule showing the
name, sol ry and services performed by every
employee ono the deporiment ihe bureau
headsarctoreport to Mr Keier on Tuesdiy
Dec 4, at te department offices, foot of Euat
Twonty-sixth street. In the Jotiera ty hfs aubor-
dinates Mr. Ke ler eaid that he niended to
rake retrenchment# in the expense: of the de
partment fhe employees feve t
force will be reduced materially — a

 

 

Government Search for an Unfortanate's

By request from London the Now York polies
aré trying to eet track of th» home and identity
ofameny eked upin London on Sept. 21, who
raid (oat he was Ricbard Moury Leach, ar
that he lived at “297 North Main { .
etree! The manarcpear dto be unbsianesd
Hewa evidentiv an American, #6 the Londen
police communicat d wath the Amesean au-
thoriti s

Soldiers and Satiors’ Home Trasitre.
ALBANY, Nov. 18.- 4i0v. Rooseve't to-day ap-
po nted Ldward W. Rogers of Lockport a true

tee ot the New York State Soldiers and Sailors’
Home, to fill the vacancy created by the deith
of Gen. Benjamin A Fiagter of Niagara Falls.

 
 

—_—

We |

13 —Officials here |

Tart fastened an ordinary |
idker- |

‘treetand Pine !

     

     
  

ly

 

| ___ Brvoktyn Advertisements,
‘A Smart "
| Thing

ri Boys—

| is a Raglan coat —- made

dvertisements,

just like our men’s. But
have you seen our ready-
tO-wear
men’s
over-
coatsP
Can’t
tell
them
from
made to
mea-
sure.
No gar-
ment
tailored
better
anywhere, and then we
can save you dollars, too, )

 

  
 
   
    
  
   

We have them at $20.00
to $40.00, Cheaper coats,
too, of course. Money
back if not perfectly
suited,

Fre Sper

BROOKLYN.

  

OBITUARY.

 

Dr. Henry D. Noyes, the emfnent ocullst and
physician of this city, died on Monday at Mount
Washington, Mase, of pneumonia following an
attack of bronchitis. Dr, Noyes had a summer
home at Mount Washington and it was while

making a short visit there with his wife and two
daughters thut be was taken sick. Dr. Noyes
| was bors in this city in 1882, He studied medi-
cine In the College of Physiclans and Surgeons
and was graduated from there in 18650. ter
receiving his degree bere he went to rlin
where he remained for four years engay d ip
studying mediine. At the end of t time
he returned to this city and began the practice
of Lis profession, taking i. the treatment
of the eye as a specialty. e achieved great
distinction tn this branch of the science. For
maly Years he was Visiting surgeon of the
New York kye and kar Ilnirmary, e was
also. « member of the Oplthalmic | So-
ciety, the Academy of Medicine and the
Btlute and County medical societies, Dr. .
Noyes belonged to the Century Asgocla- ‘
tion, the Nineteenth Century Club and the j
New Englund Society. He is survived a |
widow and children, two daughters
and @ son. he latter is De Wilt) Clinton
West Noyes, whois in the senior class at Yale.
Dr. Noyes's town house was at 233 Madison
avenue Hie funeral will take place either
there or at the Brick Presbyterian Church, of
which he was a meniber. The interment will
be at Morristown, N. J.

| Capt. John) Hart, of Cuban filibustering
fame, died of apoplezy at the Pennsylvania
Hospital in Philadelphia yesterday Lp to the
outbreak of the last Cuban revolution he was
little known outside of slipping circles, having
for many years been enwaged successfully in
the frult trace with the West Indies. His
knowledge of the Cuban coast made his services
of great value t the Cubane and he went into
the business of taking arms, ammunition and
men to the island. ile was one of the boldest
and most sucoessfil of filibusterers, and the
exploits of the Bermuda and urada, both
vessels being owned by him, were notewerthy
Capt. Hart wae arrested by the United States -
authorities at the instance of Spain and was
convicted of engaging in an illegal expedition
In December, 1896, and was sentenced March,
1897, to two yeers in the Eastern Penitentiary,
to pay a fine of $500 and the costa o pepe
He went to prison Feb. 24, 189%, and on June 10
of the same year President McKinley at the re-
quest of Attorney-General Griggs pardoned
him. He was born in Accomac county, Va.
41 yeare ago. He was for several years in the
fruit business in Baltimore.

Lewis Pease Nostrand, a retired cork man
facturer, died Monday in his seventy-eigh
‘ear at bis home, 149 Taylor street, Williams
urg. He was born in Brooklyn and wag a
descendant of an old Long Telgne fainily. e
was one of the organizers of the Central M.
Church fi 184), and in 1%66 helped to organize
Joha's Methodist Church. He was for
, and at the time of

} St.
vighteen yeirs a steward
his death treasurer of the latter chureh ao-
ciety. He was also at the time of his death
Vice-President of the board of trustees of the
hastern District industrial School Association.
Two years ago be and his wife celebrated their
golden weddirng, She survives him, to ether
with three daughters, Mrs, William q
Mrs. Samuel C, Anderson and Miss 8. Nostrand.

Thomas Hubbard Gaswell, Sovereign Grand
Commander of Scottish Kites, Order of Masonry,
of the southern jurisdiction of the United States,
the mother council of the world, died in San
| Franc iaco yesterday. He waa a pioneer who
went West from New York and located in Nevada
county, Cal. where he lived for many years.
eight of which be served as Superior Ju
| since his youth he had heen identified with
| Musonry and had held nearly every responsible

office in the order.

Dr. Robert B. Brown died last night at his
home tn Phillipabure, N. J. of heart trouble,
at the age of 76. In the Civil War he waa o
sergeant in the Union Army and for several
| years afterward was stationed at Galveston,
{n charge of work for the Government, One
| danghter survives him
Paul Loeser, who for many yéars was oon-~

| nected with the Staats Zeitung in various
| capacities and finally hecame assistant editor-

| in-chief of that paper, died on Monday at hi
home at 140 Kast Ninety -seoond street of pneu-
monta. He had been ill and had been retired
ona pension

Abram Marcellas for many years engaged
in the manufacture of knit goods in Amster-
dam, N. ¥, died yesterday aged 79 years.

“Esmeralda” to Be Seng.

Arthur Goering Thomas's “Esameralda®™ is to
be -ung ct the Metropolitan Opera House next
Monday for the firet time in this country, The
roles have beena Signed to Grace Golden, Grace

Von St ddiford, Della Niven, Philip  Brogel,
Lemorere Prngle, Henry Davies and Lester
Waler The wor: willbe sung three times dur-
ing the week.

 

 

 

 

Fike to Remodel Jersey City Tabrrnacte,
Jersey City Lodge, No. 211. of the Elks ts or-
ganizing a bulldicg association for the purpose
of waking olterations to the tabernacde, a
| farpous ehurch bulding at Henderson and

| York strecta, Jersey City, recently purchased
by it Noarly. two thousand shares of stock,
represen ing $500, hae already been sub
| seribed

 

Embalming Examiners Reappointed,
ALBANY, No 19 Gov Peosevelt has re
apponted Freder ck Hulberg of New York dity
and Harry Jo Beliridgee of Poughkeepsie as

members of the State Board of Finbalming Ex-
aminers

‘Heat from Keroseno Oll
Without Odor or Smoke.

“‘The Miller’’

Ja modo (patented) eo it Can't emoke
api Wil not give outabsdour ithe
the Ouly henter ma le that as

ove very importact qualities.

oOfhing ie coore offensive ‘hau a Stinke
ng jomern?) Oil beater Bos one
you pew fe right The Miller
One will heat a good sired room, at acond
x & little over @ cent an hour for oik

 

‘onrhes to empty. Tory has om
cxtiugule ner, on Oil Indicators,
arotnfe, Simple, Portable, Room
emical, Ornamental. Prices & yee baud Up,
if Prgicre will not evpoly Miller Heaters, we
can. Send posta forctren ar
EDWARD MILL R& CO (Mannufecrarers,
Fetablered 1M@
fe W Broadway, bet, Park Piand Barccay St. N.Y,
"MILLER LAMPS bave no equal.
Beautiful Deeigns, Athou letylee.

 

 

 

 

  

The most marveTioustoned =?
Concert Grands
now on exhibition and sale.
Also in four smaller sizea, of

1890 FIFTH AVkL., Sor. 18th @s