|
{
;
|

{

 

——: — ne
—_——

WEDNESDAY, “NOVEMBER 14, 1900,

 

 

 

DAILY, per MOmtD oo.sserersererenseererteres
DAILY, pet Year.
BUNDAY, per Year... avasennenes ‘
DALLY AND SUNDAY, per TOAt. servers
DAILY AND SUNDAY. per MantBy..seceeeee

Postage wo foreiga eountiits added
. ee eee us SUM, New York Clty

wams—Rlowjue No. 12, near Grand Motel, and
Kioaque No 10 Boulevard des Capucines

 

It our friends who favor us with manuserirts for
publication wish to Rave refected articles returned, they
must in all cases eend stampe for that purpose.

 

—

 

—_——
—

Suet Bees,

Looking over the eleotion 1 cords of the
different States, one must notice partiou-
larly three signs of politioal health.
Btates which the managers of the Demo-
cratic canvass looked to for 6) rpathy with
Bayan's jufammatory inciiements ageinst
law and property turned co Id shoulders.

Ohio and Indiana were supposed to oon-
taln enouch anti-trust sentiment to nupeet
even the great Republican majorities of
1896, In Ohio the Mayor of Toledo, for-
merly a Republican, who in the election for
Governor In 1899 had recelved 100,000 votes
running on a platform of ant- capltal-
{atic agitation, bad ratsed the Bryan
standard, and another prominent and furt-
ously anti-trust Republican politician, Mox-
xerr, formerly Attorney-General, Joined
him also, In some portiona of Indl-
ana the rearrangement of various indus-
tries through the concentration of capl-
tal had closed several factories. In Idaho
also the suppression of tha riots in the
Cour d'Aléne region had caused organized
labor there to invoke organived labor at
large to help in accomplishing a Repub-
Hoan overthrow. ‘he Minera’ Magaaine
became a text book for Bryanesque
demagogy. The mob that mobbed Roosa-
veut in Colorado shrieked “ Copur d'Alene!”
Yet, comparing tho elections of 1090
and 1806, the Republican majority rose
{n Ohio from 48,0 to 70,900; In Indiana
from 18,000 to 28,000, and in Idaho the
Bryan majority fell from 17,000 to less than
a thousand

Fven where
ously and planaihly
man who works with his hands, union |
or non-union, refused to run amu’
through the great thoroughfare of Amert-
can business for the personal gratification
and benefit of that most shifty of recent
demagogues, Mr. Brran of Nebraska.

he wis most sfrenu-
appealed to, the

the Powers Fxact
China?

Dr. Morrison, the correapondant of the
London Times at Pekin, bas shown himself
go trustworthy that we are inclined to
credit his account of the demands upon
which the foreign Miniaters are said to
have agreed, and which, provided they are
approved by the Governments Interested,
will be pressed upon the Chinese Plenipoten-
tlaries. It is to be noted that some of the
proposals are identical with those alleged to
have been provisionally framed about the
middle of October, but others have been
added since the arrival of Marshal Vow
WaLpersex and his assumption of the
functions of Generalissimo. Considered as
providing reparation for the past and
guarantees for the future, the proposals
seein to reach, if they do not transcer¢,
the limits of the practioable, although,
of course, they fall far short of Sir
Ronert Hart's fanciful plan, which
would involve the deposition of the ruling
dynasty and the partition of China among
the treaty Powers. We, on our part, are by
no means sure that the demands should not
be deemed excessive in two partieulars, by
which we mean not that they exceed the
enormity of the offences, but that the
Emperor Kwana-sv and the Empreas Re-
gent may be unable, even if they were will-
ing, to comply with them.

No objection ia Ukely to be offered to the
proposal that a monument shall be erectad
to Baron von Kerrecen on the site of his
murder, and that an Impertal Prince shall
be despatched
Emperor WiLidaM for the assassination of
his representative. Neither is {+ un-
reasonable to ask that certain Prinees
and high personages, who are known to
have instigated the Boxer outrages, shall
be put to death by way of example.
The Chinese Government may be fairly
called upon, also, to proclaim that in
the future all officials who shall have
made no effort to prevent outrages on
foreigners within thelr jJurfadiction ehall
be immediately removed and punished.
That is one guarantee for the future,
and a still more effectual one is sig-
gested in the proposal that provincial
examinations for admission to the civil
service shall be suspended for five years
in places where outrages shall have oo-
eurred. As forthe demand thatthe Taku
and other forts on the ooast of the Province
of Chihli shall be reared, that permanent
legation guards shall be stationed {n Pekin
and that guards shalinlso beatationed along
the line of communication between Pekin
and the sea, euch precautions would be well
enough, if tne Chinese oourt consents to re-
turn to Pekin, but they would be obviously
useless if the court prefers to remain at
Singan, For the allied Powers to at-
tempt to presoribe a piace of residence for
the Chinese Imperial family would be gler-

What Will

ingly inconsistent with the theory on which |

they are proceeding, namely, that China's {n-
pendenoa, territorial integrity and present

administrative structure are to he re-
bpeotad,
With regard to the proposed prohiht-

tion of the importation of arms and war
materials into China, we have previously
pointed out that it could not be enforced,
and that, even if it could, the manufeoct-
ure of improved arma and ammurt-
tion could be carried on by skilled
foreign artificara in Chinese arsenals
That the Taung-li-\amen, or Board for
Foreign Affairs, shall be
and {te functlons vested in a eingle
foreign Minteter is a eensinie recommenda-
tion, and one that the Chi
trovernment an nocepet
face, hat Ambassadors ehould have the
privilege of personal intercourse with the
Prmyperor is likewise a reasonabie demand.
ihe same thing may be said of the proposal
that Imperial proclamations suppressing
the Boxers shal be posted for two years
throughout the Empire

The two partioulare in which the pro-
pose seem tous impracticable are the

owing: In the firet place, the I'st of
wullty persons whose execution is exacted

ese im; ertal

Fithout loans of

| how the foreign Mintstera o:

whose protection the Emperor Kwanasavu
and the Empreas Regen’ mado the Journey
to Bingan. That General can har diy be
expected to execute himself, and, if he de-
elines to commit suicide, It ts hard to eee
td get thelr
sentence carried out. If, on the other hand,
the foreign Ministera woul! erase from

| their list of the condemne! biince Tva
{and Gen. Tona-rcn-sian, ey would
eave the face of the Imperial family and
sooure the infliction of exe nplary pur ish-
ment upon many of the other & illty per-
eons, Thatis the practicable coures, and

Three |

|
|
of|

not to take it suggests the suspicion of a
desire that the negotiations ehall come to
naught.

Another matter that will test the sin-
ocrity of certain foreign Powers {3 the
amount of the pecuniary indemnity to be
extorted from China. Dr, Mornison does
noteay whatamount, {fany, bas been agreed
upon, but he docs say that the Ministers
have adopted the principle that indemnity
must be paid, not only to corporations and
individuals, but to States. Unquestionably,
reparation must be made {tn the form of

| pecuniary damages for the injuriea euffered

by corporations and individuals, but the
financial resources of China will he over-
taxed {f she le aleo called upon toreimburre
all the Powers that took part fa the rellef of
Pekin for thea cost of deapatching ex-
peditionary forces to Middle King-
dom and maintaining them therein Wo
pointed out some months ago that, If the
bill to be paid br China should be com-
puted on the basis of the sun said to
bave been laid out by Italy on her Ipalg-
nificant expeditionary foros, the aggregate
pecuniary {Indemnity would not fall short
of $8600,000,0%. There t* & report current
that this {se the total arrived at by the Min-
feters. We oan only attribute fo gross
ignorance, orto secret and sinister motives,
an attempt to wring from China such an
exorbitant sum of money. Aseurming, for
the moment, thet a loan of that moynitude
oould be secured through the guerantess of
foreign Powers, wo do not eee how the In-
tereat thereon andasinking fund could be
provided, for the customs duties on tm-
porte cannot he raised muon higher than
they now are without hecoming prohibitive,
while, as for the Iten, or inland tranalt
dues, they would edd but little to the Impe-
rial, as distinguished from the provinetal,
exchequer, unless the collection of them
ahould be placed tn the hands of foreigners,
which would be tantamount to an assump.
tion of the fisoal government of China,
The essumption of euch a function would
plainly beinconaistent with our promise to
reapect China's administrative entity.

The utmost that China cas
one to two hundred million dollars. Tha
nooner this fact ts recognized the mure

the

quickly will the nego'lations have a sub- |

stantial outcome

The Future Democratio Party,

Naturally, the question as t
“reorganization of the lemocratie party
is now receiving much attention, more pare
| tieularly among the political school known
as‘' Cleveland Democrats.” With them re-
organization means simply the transfer of
the contro! of the party and of the ehnping
of ite policies from Brian and bis agents to

a possible

”

themselves or to ‘trie Democracy,” as toe
phrase is.
Now, “true Democracy" is discoverable

and practically definable only in the appu-
eation of political principles to questions of
policy aa they rise from timeto time. That
fe, it is the Democracy expressed tn tha
national platforms of the party or in tho
formulation of {seuss in sicoessive agtional
elections, Doctrines of Biats sovereiguiy
growing out of the Institution of slavery
formed a great pert of the continuous
Democratio creed before the (4yil War,

but by the deelelons of that contest they
were excluded from the sphere of preetical
polities, Consequentiy we must seele t

an expealtion of Democracy tn the national

platforms of the part) ¢ forth since tha
Civfl War.

After having emphatially declared in
1964 thet the war for the Union was “a

failure,” and demanded “a cessation of
hostilities" only seven months before the

| complete triumph of the Union arma, the

| Democratic

to Germany to apologize to |

abolished |

includes Prince Tuan, the father of the heir- |

anvarent, and also the very General under | paper, convertible into coin on demand; the |

party in 1848 pree seded to
reeoguize the slavery and secession qura-
tions as eettied br the war. The Republi.
cans in May, 186% ad “denounced aliforms
of repudiation as a national crime end de-
clared that ‘‘the national honor requires
the paymerrt of the public indebtedness in
the attermcst good falth toall crediiors at
home and abroad, not only according to the
letter but the spirit of the laws un
{t was contracted.”” They also deciared un-
compromising opposition to “repudiation,
partial or total, open or covert,’ as the
necessary means “to #9 improve our eredis
that eapitalieta will seek to loan us moner
at lower rates of interest tlian we now pay,”
The Demooratio platform, ado; ted in July,
1868, Joined issue with this equareir br
desluring that ‘where the obligations of
the Government do not expreasly atate
upon their face, or the law under which
they were issued does notprovide, thatther
shall be paid in eotn, they cought, tn righs
and Justice, to ba patdin the lawful money
of the United States; ani it laid down this
as the Demooratio principle: "One currency
for the Government and the people
laborer and the officers! ier,
and the aoidier, the producer and the hord.
holder." In other words, it waa the Green.
back doctrine. “A tariff forrevenna,” with
incidental protection to domestic manufna-
tures,” that will “best promote and en-
eourage the great industrial interesta o?
the eouutry,” was anorhar plank

Thus on the two great economle ques.
tions which have arisen since the (fv War
the Democratic party established a defnita
poltey tn ite first Nationa! Convention after
the eonfiict. In 1873, however, when (t
porminated Hopacr (aurray for [resi-
dent in alliance with the ‘Liberal Re-
publioan’ faction, it turned about by
declaring that “the public credit muss
be sacrediy preserved and rmoaintsined,”
by denouncing “ repudiation in every form
and sense, and by onlling for “a speedy
return to specie payment ‘as ‘demanded
alike by the highest oonsideradions of com-
mereia] morality and honest government.”
lt aleo evaded the tart! queetion by s-
nizing that there are honest and trreoon.
Ctiable diferenoes of opinion with regard to
the respective systems of pr: {
free trade,” and accordingly remitting “the
iseussion of the subjeot to the reopls
Vhoir Oongresstona! dietricts.

In 1878 the Democratic platforin “de
nounoed the resumption clause of 1878 [of
epee payments! and demanded {te repeal.”
It also demanded that ‘'a!l Custom Houses
taxation shall be only for revenue.” Thos
it will be seen thet {t again turned about

Tn 1880, specie payment having been re
sumed meanime, it demanded

the

the peraionoar

* reo

tection a

honest

pay fa from |

ler which |

_THE SUN,

strict maintenance of the public faith,
State and national,” and ‘a tariff
for revenue only.” In 1884, when for
the first time since 1654 it elected its ,
candidate, Mr. CLeveLann, it declared Its
belief in “ honest money, the gold andatilver |
coinage of the Constitution, and a circulat-
tng medium convertible into such money
without loss.” It also repeated the decla-
ration that ‘tall taxation shall be Mmited
to the requirements of economical govern- |
ment,"” but with the proviso that any re-
duction ‘ must be effected without depriv-
{ng Amerioan labor of the ability to
compete successfully with foreign labor,”
thus practically avcoepting the prinel-
ple of protection. Again in 1888 it
called simply for “a fair and careful re-
viston of our tax laws, with due allowance
for the difference between the wages of
American and forelgn labor,” which would |
“promote and enoourage every branch of
euch industries and enterprises by giving |
then sasurance of an extended market and
steady and continuous operation,” This,
of course, is of the essence of protection.
In 1802, however, there was again a com-
plete turn about; the platform declaring “ 1s
to bea fundamental principle of the Dem-
ocratic party that the Federal Government
has noc tonal power toimpose and
collect tari® duties, exeept for the purpose

‘ revence only,’ Chus denying the right to
make any auoh allowance for protection as
{t advocated four years before, As to the

enoy, tt hell “to tha use of both

gold and sliver as the standard money;”
and their e inage—of both—"* but the dollar
unit of evinage of both metals must be of
loand exchangeable value or be
igh Internationa] agreement

equal intrings
adjusted thr
or by such eafeg suards of
ina iro the maintenanoe of the parity of the
two metals and the equal power of every
dollar at all times in the markets and In
payment of debts.”
Such was “true Democracy” as defined
ational platforms of the party from
tlme
Bryan at Chicago {n 1896. Then there was
her reversal of ite polloy, but, as the

fn the?

anot

above htatory of the national platforms |

shows, it was not more complete than it had
been before. For the doctrine of “tariff
for revenue only" {t aubetituted “ tariff for
revenie,” and it demanded ‘the free and
unlimited coinage of both silver and gold at
the presont legal ratio of 16 to 1, without
waiting for the ald or consent of any other
nation.’ In 1900 this continued to he the
Demeocratio polloy.

Now, in view of this contradictory record
for forty venrs, what actually ts the ‘true
TDemooracy "' upon which tt ls proposed to
reorganize the Demooratio party? The
Bryan polloy is clear and consistent, but
no puch quality {s to be found in the ante-
ecedent Democracy. Has not positive
Prvantsm, then, a far better show in the
future of the Demoecratlo party than the |
Democracy of the tndefintte, inconsistent

thirty-two years preceding the Chioago

‘atform, in a aptrit of opportuntam, with a
view to oatehing francled drifts of publio
sentiment at the moment?

Choate's
Address.

We publish the greater part of the oration
on the life and character of ABRAHAM
Lixcotn which the Hon, Joszra Hopaxrs
CaoaTE delivered yesterday before the
Philosoplical Society of Edinburgh, The
theme is invariably rendered interesting
to Amerioans by Intelligent treatment
Moreover, we believe that this is the Am-
baseador’s first effort to win abroad a repu-
tetion for more serious thought and loftier
eloquence than have distinguished his oo-
casional utterances acroes the tablecloth
and e sewhere.

Mr. Caoatz's ambition is praiseworthy,
The measure of his success is fully recorded
in By report which we print this morning;

the passages (
at ford biographical and historioal iInfor-
mation perhaps less necessary on this side
of the Atiantio to ean effective presenta-
tion of Laxcoly's greatness than beforea
British envdie.oca, TFurthermore, it ls proper
to remember, in reading the address, that

Ambassador Edinburgh

anecdotes and quotetions which tous seem
trite, and views of oharactar and conduot
shich ares) general'y sooepted here as to

rate a8 trulsuis, and philosophioal judg-
ments which do not give the tmpresston of
keenneas and first-hand Intellectuaity, may
all be useful, if not indispensabie, tn exbib-
iting Lixcot™ to the minds fn Edinburgh
which Mr, CHoata2 undertook to instruct,
Nobody, however, oan find anything com-
monplace in the picturesque passage in

| which Mr. Cxoats desoribes, from his own

reool.ection, Mr, Linco.y's appearanceand
triumph over doubt and indifference at the
Cooper Union meeting in 1860; or, again,
in the Ambassador's personal estimate of
LiINCOLN's merita as a lawyer:

“Jiow did he become ae learned and acoomplishead
lawyer? Wel, Me never did Le mever could have
eorned bie saltaen Wrier for toe Signet, nor have
won a piece ef advocate in the Court of Session,
where the techniqueocf the profession bas reached its
hig Dest per!
dent are involved in he equipment of a lawyer.”

Whether Mr. Croate's real intention was
subtivy tronteal, or whether he alleged
Linco iy’s professional doficiencies Ln order
to compliment the Writers of the Signes
who doubtless form an traportant part of
mbership of the Edinburgh Philos-

er Bociety, ts a question which must

eft to the Ambassador's own oonasctence, |
— ts not likely to be discussed by the
learned gentinmen concerned.

Somewhat oruder, and therefore less
pleasant to consider, was the impulse of
joooatty which led Mr. Cnoate to re
mark, in connection with his recital of
the well-known story about Lincouw
and Gant end the brand of whiskey
preferred by Graxt, that this anecdote
must possaa@ peculiar intarest to Bootch-
mon. The idea that whiskey cannot be
menioned north of the Tweed without a
aly wink at all Scotland {s not intensely
uumorous or strikingly original; and the
ctroumstance thet the American Ambasea-
for elaborately prepared the poor jest for
use at Failnburgh on such an ocension ts
disheartening

We wish thit were the end of the list

 

ther

of Mr. Caoatr'’s lapses from the dig-
ofty and good taste which the ooca-
sion demanded. It ts not. After quot

ing LincoLn's wonderful letter to the
had given tho lives of
ve sons to the canse of the Union—a
siter revealing more accurately, perhaps,
than anything elwe that the President ever
wrote the full nieasure of his sympathy and
buman Jove and kindness, and at the eame
time his powers of expression in the lan-

ruage of genuine feeling—the Ambassador
thonght {t neceasary to add:

mother who

Hardy ou d your (luartous Sovereign, trom the
lecths of Ber queeniy and wormansly heart, have
spoken words more tender and touching w soothe the

money, consisting of gold and siiver and | strieken mothers of ber own soldiers."

The comment and comparison might

  

      

legislation as shall |

’ the Civil War tothe advent of |

mitted are mainly such as |

ection, ond centuries of learning and prec- |

 

 

' have been omitted by Mr. Croats with-
out injustice to Queen Vicronia, and cer-
tainly with considerable advantage to the
United States Ambassador.

These are incidental blemishes in an ora-
tion which, as a whole, is worthy of high
| Commendation, It is conceived in a patri-
| otfe spirit, written in admirable Fngl'sh,
sober, simple and vigorous; and no doubt
{t was pronounced by Mr. CuoaTte with an
| eloquence which astonished and delighted
' the Scottish jurisconsults whose luck it was
to hear their eminent brother of the Ameri-
oan bar.

| Fraudulent Actions for Divorce.

The conspiracy to obtain fraudulent
divorces which has just been exposed tn
| this city has drawn public attention to de-
feots in the practice {n such oases.

It appears that a lawyer named Henry
ZEIMER, who had offices at 239 Broad-
way, obtained a number of fraudulent
| Givorces for plaintiffs for whom he ap-
| peared by acting {!n collusion with
another lawyer named
| Matsom, who would appear as attor-
ney for the defendant. The procedure
was very simple. The case would be duly
sent to a Referee by some Justice of the
Supreme Court, and a perjured witness
would testify before the Referee as to the
commission of some act of infidelity, and
the Referee would report in favor of the
plaintiff as a matter of course.
was in the habit of advertising In the news-
papers that he would obtain divorces
quietly and that consultations would be
free, and advertisementa of the like nature
ean be found in someof our newspapers
every day.

The important question is, Flow can auch
fraudulent or collusive divoroes be stopped?
Some years ago, owing to defeote in the then
| existing practice, the Judges of the Supreme
Court amended the general rules of practice

 

 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.

 

 

New York has a transient population much
larger than thatof most great cities, there was
in the election of one week ago no recorded
case of violence, no interference with the lawful
righteof any qualified elector and no claims or
pretence of any Juggling with the count

The duties of the New York Board of County
Canvassers, subsect to review for correction by
the Bupreme Court, are, therefore, this year,
limited praoctioally to a restatement, in offictal
form, of the election results already ascer-
tained

rhe municipal organisation known o@ the
Citizens’ Union, backed by a condderable num-

| ber of oltizens well known and respected, de-
. olares that it will consider the question of the
| next Mayor of New York, with an open mind,
' without prejudice for ttelf, and Reeping upper-

| Hall

Roraut or!

MAIBON |

/ 80 as to provide that jn an action for a-

Aivoree or for the annul:nent of a marriage,
| where the defendant falls to answer, no
| referenoe shall be granted to take proof of

granted, the proofsof such facts must he

the facts, but before judgment ehall he |

made to the Court in open court. The rule!

further provides that the Oourt
exclude all parties from the court room
except the parties to the action and
thetr counsel and the witnesses, and
shall order the evidence to be sealed
| up and exhibited only to the parties or to
| 8ome one specially interested, upon order

may |

; of the Court. This new rule guarded |

againat obtaining a decree of divorce by de-
fault where no defence was put in, but tt
| did not prevent the Court sending cares to
a Referee where an answer of any kind
—fiotitious or not—was interposed. The
| practice, therefore, of attorneys, such as
those who are parties to this recent oon-
| spiracy, has been to have an answer inter-
posed; and thus to obtain a hearing before

perjured testimony, and to obtain quietly
| the destred report {n favor of the plaintiv,
| Bome of the Justices of the Supremo
| Court, it would appear, are in favor of an-
! pointing an officer who shall
| the duties performed in England by tha
Queen's Proctor and investignte the elr-
cumstances of each case #0 a8 to he certain
that the action {s not fraudulent or the evt-
dence perjured. This suggestion, while it

to provide adequately against the evil.

A better check—in fact, the best way to
regulate the matter—will be either for the
Legislature to create a Pivoroa Court or
for the Appellate Division to assign a

|

moet the purrose of electing a Mayor who shall
not be the candidate put forward by Tammany
This is an unexceptional! proposition, and
it te all the more satisfactory because it had
been understood, to some extent, that orr-
taln membera of the Citivens’ Union were aim-
ing to {dentify their organisation with the un-
natural and Impcasible candidacy of Mr. Brap

8. Coren

STATE CONSTABULARIES,

 

Three States Nave Tried It Par tially—Not
Desirable.

From the Beening Pos

No State bas anything like a State Constabulary
system Legisletures in three States within recent
years bave taken the control of the police in large
cities from th® munietpalities; ard in each of these
the experiment nas proved a failure

Like other States, Massaehuseiis long suffered
from the frequent failure of the village authorities to
deel with serious and often mysterious crimes, which
demanded more abiiity and training than the deputy
eberf isaptto possess, A small force of State de-
tectives was, therefore, estadiisbed. Tle ta all
there ts tothe “State Constabulary eystem” in Mas
sachusette

It la true, however, that the State Government of
Massachunetts bas meddied with the ioeal adminis
tration of the poliee in Boston aad in ome other city.
Fifteen years ago some easy-going oiilseus of the
capital indorerd @ project brought forward by
some poliiictans to have the Legtelature passa law
takiog (he power of appetniing Police Commissjoners
from the munic.pal authorities, who were likey
to be Demo-rats, and vesting it in the Barcutive of
the Stet who waa alinost always @ Republican
This plan bas now had » long trial, and {t has not
been @ sueceas More than once at least One of the
three Commissioners bes been @ man who did net
command the publie confidence toany Ereater degree
than the old Pollee Commissioners under ity rule
Serious seandals have repeatedly involved members
of the board. There have been chargra, whiek se-
cured genera! belief, of gross faveritiam in the woe of
pollieal power, The eMotener of the police force
generally has been often impugned. Preeteely ihe
same things have happened in Pall River, the oniy
other oty where the epsiem bas been inwoduced.

The most thorough trial of this plan Bas bees made
in the State of Kansas, After the prohibitery amend-
mentto the State Conatitution wae adopted in 1680
great diMoulty was eaperienced in enforging the law
ogainat the sale of liquor in cities, The Prohibitton-
{sts as¥ed for and got more and more stringent stat
ea, Cul theve were enforeed no better by the loos)
eutboriiies Atlast they pereuaded the Legislature

 

‘to pass & law under which the control of the

| a aw |
or confiteting policies adopted durtng the | a Referee, whom it was easy to deceive by

discharge |

| by tue
| the saloon

may be well enough tn ita way, hardly seems |

Justice of the Supreme Court to hear
| divorce cases only, and to make a
| rule that no divorce case herenftor |

shall be sent to a Referee. Iet evary

action for a divoroe or for the annulment of |
a marriage be tried before a Judge of tho |

fupreme Courtin open court. The practice
| of sending such cases to Referees has grown
up from a desire to avoid publicity, and to
shield defendants from notoriety. Tho
publleatton of the details of divorce cases {5
undoubtedly an evil, but it is a losser evil
l¢than the exteting practtos, which gives

ample opportunity to obtain either a eol-

lusive divoros or a frandulent divorce upon |

perjured testimony, whenever one of the
parties is not aware that sult has bean
brought, or whenever both are so anxious

to be freed from the marriage bond that no |

| objection ie made to any sort of procedure
j to accomplish the result desired.

We reprint here two suggestive reflections
calthe Democratic defeat, one from the Rich-
mond Times, whioh held aloof from Bryanism.

| end the other from the Memphis Commerctai-
Apres which mpported Bryan without
blenching:

| “whet te meant by the etatement thatour pollitcal |

| party stands for Democracy while the other stands for
Plutoeracy? Je ft meant toany that the Demorratts
party has ne wealthy meno in its ranks end does not

 

jJolces in the fact that {$ ts, and that tt will, in no
event, admit into Its ranks any man who Is ota pau-
per? If this is met what ‘# meant, what then ty

property im iteranks, bow many of such men will ty
tale Lo, and bow much preperty may & MAD own and

want ond will not have any! Is 11 meant to say that |
the Democratic party is @ party of paupers, thatit re. .

etl bea member of the Democratic parity? All of |

these questions must be anawered if itisto be beld
that the Demorratic party ia opposed to the party of
The Bare statement of the case shows

| meast? Iftne party is willing to Lave men owning
|
|

'Piutoeracy.’
the absurdity of attempting to organize pariles upon
4ny such division.”

|

I. “ We Rave bad too much of this miserable oslam!iy

| howllng, Itie destroying the moral force of the na-
tion. Young wien who should be hopeful ard ans

fous to degin iifeinany way and struggle mantuily

for success. as thets: there 414, stand on street oor-
nera ‘Givsatisied ‘cad ‘protesting against existing
conditions,’ because the banker across the street doce
not walk out and band ihem the keys to his strong
boxen

 

Yesterday one week after election, as aa
tion 180 of the Biection Code provides, the New
York Board of County Canvassers entered upon
the discharge of {ts duties ani under com
Mons which make @ very striking contrast
with the pust. More than 840,000 electors voted
in New York county eight days agoand more
ten 400,000 in the entire city, after a oonteat
Waged with great earnestness on both ales.
There ia, pragticallr, not @ einale contest to be
erttied officially either as to Congresamen,
Senators or Aseembiymen voted for, none ax
to dudgea, and pone aither as to Governor and
Siate ofBorrs of for Prestdontts) Electors

Never before, on one dar have so many
American @tisens voted inone constituency na
wes the ease on Tyeeday. and never before
Were 80 many important public offlona Allied br
popular election enone day. Rut unilke some
old-time New York @ieotions, of which reoord Is
preserved, no disputed retiroe were lost, no
‘tally’ sheets changed or mutilated, so quar-
rels and controversies before or during the
! count, no wholesale frauds or atrious elactina

day offences.

As Goon as thereturns were announced and
tabulated they were acquiesced tn oheerfully by
men of al] parties became of the universal oon-
Motion thet thelr aconracy was unimpernch-
able, and that the safeguards provided by
Iaw against election frand «f any kind
were odequate. Although the number of
voters in New York is steadily increasing
and the cosmopolitan population of the clty,
unfamiliar with English, is being oonstantly
tecruited through tmmigration, and although

{ t
ice f

too was taken from the local author
ities and gtven to the State, through the
naming by the Governor of Polloe Commissioners
and they apoiled ihe cew rile to the ettes generally
A porteao motive in Kansas, ae in Massachusetts,
tneined the Hepubitean pollitctans
schemes
in those dags the Republicans eontralied the State
Government One Repubiican Governor afier
another tried to enforce the new law, but none was
ever successful. In 1602 the Popwultets carried the
State and under the Polles Commissioners named
{xeculve then elcoted by that penny
business In the cities was con
ducted opentp. In 1604 anotber Republican Gov-
croor was elected, and De made an effort to enforce
tlelaw, but '§ was only temporary and spasmodic,
end felled, like alliberest. As time went on senst-
bie men in all the cities, without regard to party,
grew more and more bitier!y opposed to the whole idea
of police commissions named atthe Btateeapital At
last pubdiicerntiment throughout Kaneas demanded
and seeured (he repeniof the law. and the system of
govercing eitles from the Siate eapital, with ail of its
abuses aod seanéals, waa brought to @n end

The Lemoorstie poliiictans of Missourt learned the
eas nwhich thelr Republican brethren in Hanses
adteught Their State Government was siways
Demoeratio, Dutof late years the chief etty has gone
Rep liioan The polies force of @. Loute waee price
wh eth the Democratic State machine could not bear

t) see im Hepudliean hands, So the last Leg-
ts ature was versusded to pass «@ law
takiug the control of the polleew from the
pepe of toe eliy acting through the municip»h

ouhorities, and g ving ft to a board appointed by the
Vovenor The new sretem has been in operation
more then a goat, and tt has deco frultiul ju cxtrave
€ance, odusos @od scandals of every ort The people

(8) Louls are today Albled with indiguation againg
the conse, uereca of State interference wits thadr local
Covernmment

Game and Ite feaeon,

To Tre Eprton oF THm Sun-Siv Your ltem
t Sunday in r gard to the Amerioan Line breaking
laws was read with a Great deal of tnterest
by came Gealers and consumers ail over the country,
It looks very much ae {if the eteamsbip compaay oubd-
mitted to havtog thelr be@ pulled rather than Bebiit
out

Aa I seett, the dealer put on refrigerated game
Vilied in the lewful season and the stwamsebip com
pany suppued it to thet? passengera on the “aigh
seas,” which, I hope te outad the jurisdiction af any
ganie sesoeia bon.

Judge O'Brien in ths Phelps case, Gourt of Ap-
peais, says

* Hotele may put gamein ood storage for use dur-

  

 

to favor thts |
Some of the cities went Democratta, while |

| ekin, rather an efective covering,

ing the close season and umleas some ome ean prove |

iby. Diegal willing. the factof possession is Darmicea
nds ike g od awand common-genve Will
jy.se Your readers io regerd © Game
New Yora oily a04 county, AMERICAN
WALLABOUT NARKKPT, GROUELYN, Nov. iA

Ariile IL, seouon 48, of the laws of 1000 pro-
hibitethe sae 4 borcem not wor
nud quai uring the closed season, except
during the frat Afveen days of ete Ren
tlon 88 pre pivite the Wenntporla or

ame out: { me or
ne \ Rates asiou wi
prohibited

President George O. Shields of the League of
Ame -“ “ ve /meprder thst the

of ine its leg od.
1 thet the company d preé
trom three to five thoueap Jusll on ite eteamern
i ing the prohitited esaecn. for which @ Ane
aud civ penalty amounting to Qs for ea: f bird
isprovided. Thecompany was at fi Ss rauctent

Ee. 635 ee wpe — ” vue > Erevice
ite coul he leag ay te re

 

ta during eo cdessd trans

 

    

 

that it fh a ua! Le was, AA ade known

ne nalty would be col a ve Son p oom-

   

 

Serped Lou ¢ u rte wor
Gul Muton K eS ° she Mart
f ler concerue tle “ol be

eamship eompany got of ¥! i“! a “Eos 4

«0,
Both Joyn &. Wise, Jr un for thel 48
and Pre at eut Fields sazeod mes i pe
oane f reat ee. ad ieyted ete 8
Brie curt 0 ne

 
 

wer
In goto or ae op he
n The 3 i gopue nye
mired 4}, m
>

   

apts, opinion
Nato Compa
en wae made of the
et! of a(t hove egos rth oy ite Tes
the "it geme } tet i

The oninio bo vee
would “y ( “es Sco, hut t oo
vied gyoh

  

“en in tela which on,
The Board of Fis ani Game Commntes ouars
whl furnian a copy of Che gain laws relating to
New? ity wd e@oun sy
lady Suffolk.

lo Tae Eprron or Tyr Bun--Si-: Mr, Wij-
Mam Henry She'ton of Alfred, Allogany county,

XY. fe “awey of” in regard to the gray mare
Lady Soffolk. She was said to be a “aatoh
colt." that ts, her ¢ire wae unknown, 6Bhe
vas bought by Dave Kryant and owned and
raced by tum on the Long Island and New
Jersey tracks for a number of years 8he

longed to him when ehe made the reaord of

#4 on & Waok near Hoboken (1 have for-

gottan tie date). Dere Bryant paid 990 for

her at @ years old and when !t wes found that

abe could trot fast Lat Monge the Bufolk
\ T »

Sead wlbetatlags Barats at Smuts:
Bhe wasa dappled LAs Bt

her heed tery low Shen tro Vane an or

ro hard she was

| drive

& dom broke, no matter
] rememb: ver her well, asl w é

the Queene County ‘roop at the ; t gane “
«ht raare that Mr in Suelton ag ake re of was

Terent horse of the ay
‘eine. L. l. Mov. 12 - Baacaw.

cook, groure |

» fatent . transport \s aes

 

SOME ULTRAKING BOOK BINDINGS

The Scribners will open to-day,
at Fifth avenues and Twaenty-firit etreer, the
sixth annual exhibition of foe tin lings, forelen
and Amertoan, held under their auspices, Fryer
winoe the work of the Grolier Club began ty
make iteelf felt in a wider demand for
art work in this depariment this Arn
have eet aside every year some scores of
valuable books worthy of on elaborate
dress and have distributed them among
the beat French, Engily: and American
binders, both men and women, The results
havo grown steadily in val eand interest Now
that not only New York but Cleveland, Pi ila-
delntia, Boston and Chicago hav> organ 7°thons
Similartoour Grojer Clubin purpoer, tho ce.
mand for bindings of the highest charac'e” hi
@rown amazingly. In the opinion of experts
no euch display as that offered to-day wou'd
have been posaivie as noommercial apecia-
tion ten years ago The Amertean mar-
ket for bindings that coat from $10 to #20F
for aemall volume {a stilia limited one oa com-

pared with London and Paris, but that there {a |
| suoh a market ia evident in the extent:

work now shewn, which is all for sale, and the
growing number of men and women in
oountry who are masing the art thetr profes
sion. Instruction in bookbinding of the Ligleat
closs is still diMoult to obtain in thie country,
where the trade unions pereleten'ly refuse to
recog ize these art workers It haa to be
ftoight ebroad, and often in the face of
rerious obstacles, Mies Emily Preaton of
Chicago, who now shows some of the best
work in the present exhibition, wrote three
years agoto Mr. Cobden-Saiderson, the iore-
most Engileh binder, asking parmission to Join
his class Notwithstanding a blunt refusal by
cable Miss Preston took the frat e:oamer for
London, applied at the Doves bindery in per-
gon and !s now doing such work that she is
overwhelmed with orders. Art binding seems
to be especially sulted to women, \uasmuch as
it requires delicaoy of touch and taste
rather than strength, ond it may be done a!
home. Whilethe very {newt work is etl dons
by Frenchmen, among whorn the veteran Mer-
Cet stands preéminent, dietinguished bt.cders

in thelr abop ,

f the ,

this | !

    

WOMEN CLAIN TWO STATES,

They Say Toat They Carried Wyointog and

Washington,
From the St, Louis Globe. Democrat
Cyerexns, Wyo,, Nov. 9.—The women of
Wyoming exercised their mehe of #ulfcage

to a @reater extent in the recent election than
ever before, and it ia estimated that they cast
at least 7,000 of 28.0% votes polled on Nov, a

't ia believed their vote was reep onaivle |»
A grent extent for the State going Meovublican,
It is alleged that John Charles Thorapson,
Demoeratio candidate for Congress, tnade the
statement in a letter to the Aaoti-Suffragiss
Association of New York that the wormea vote
was the easiest thing to get, the easiest thing
to keop and the easiest thing to manipniate
of any element tn politias, This statement
yhioh appeared in a circular iseued by the
Now York ass uation, caused intense indigna-
(ie womer f Wyondug. so
foo ng against Thormeaon that
out in iarge nurmbhert on
election day, with the result that Mondell,
Thompson's opponent, received the largest
plurality ever givan a candidate tn Wyoming,
and ran ahead of the electoral ticket ovwr 890
votes, The feeling ogeinet Thorn aen ex.
tended to the entire Democratic ticket, and
ly two-thirds of the women vote was const

nAUO woaow
bitter waa this
the women turned

    

| for McKinley and Mondall.

are notoriously untrustworthy asto thie and |

contrecta’ Itmay bea matter notof months
but of years to geta book from such masters
as Mercier, Gruel, Lortio or David, all wreat ar-
tiste in their way, who decline 'o be hurried

In the present exhibition thers are shown
books by seventeen French binders, anorg
them no women; twenty-four Engiah binders,
four of them women, and eleven American
binders, three of them wome.. Among the

| of the woma

From tve 1. Paw Pioneer-P'rese.

Tacoma, Waal, Nov. &—One of the most
novel features of the political campaign in
hie State waa a contest in Whiunan county

etween single women and heads of fa flies
as to which ould have deputvelipe and clerk-
Alpe ig the Audtivors ofice. Auditor Corner, &
top able an, ho {his ofoe (hed with yours
ladies as depu tle Man 1 clerks, bsome of thes
are the daughters of seared parents Mr
Corner inuroduon da novel meth: S. of getting
votes in 18ts, when he wae elected to hie por
ton. He proriised a number of young wornen
Urat if each of them would get him tweety
votes they should have positions in lis off
‘The hy ing women went. to work with a wi!
a ine huron fair, and induced their beaux and

onds to vote for Corner, [his year th
f ay ipaign wag pushed with @ feminine tonacits
hat promised to carry everything before it
Neat envelopes were used, and in Giese were
placed tne « irda of Mr Corner an AW. Jd. Julius,
wie candidate for County Treasurer, |
wpubleans, These were malied to the yours
far end wide throughout the county,

Ooo of these cards reached @ soung nan win
happened to be in the Demoqratio trenches
On Coruor's car) were the words; “A word t>
the wise is sutient.” This wae signed by onu
teputtos tp the auditor's office
A tuider attar honent happencd ty exist betw ce:
the youus tnav An d the young lady and for a
tine he Lealtated between ioralty t his part

 

sue

| and love for tho {nir daivsal who sent bim the

| Corner’s boid mancurres, Then

Doted volumes may be ited The Grolier
Chib’s edition of Matthews's “Modern Ro ok-
birding” done by Mercier in dark maroon
levant morecoo, with filleted lines,
Fmpire pattern ant robin'a-ege biua !
Goublure; another Mercier, & Keimscote

Press copy of Morris's “Friendalip of Amis
and Anifle,” of brown morocco, with deilate
fillets intertwined, both volumes showing a

plain expanse of leather crushed and polshed |
to the exquisite texture made famous by thts |

ar'let, Among the ‘her Frenchmen Ruban !s
represented by the Kelmsoott story of the
“Glittering Plain.” in dark purple morocoo,

inlaid with different colored pleoes of gor-
geous effect; IAon Gruel, ty a copy of
Keats in cuir cieele, the leather betne

actually curved in re ief when frozen solld: Da-
via, by a Kelmacott Shakespeara, with elaborate
blind tooling. The Dove. bindery send a
number of volumes, of which the most Anoosms-
ful may be a Kelmscott copy of Kect«in robin’s

| of the Life Saving Service, made pubile t

eee biua, with the most delioate tracery imag. |

inable of lilies and stems intertwined
price asked for this ($4278) and for others of the
Doves contributions, auch at a volume of
Swinburne ($259), may be explained by the
vale of the original books, some of the
Kelmaoott publications now bringing exrtraor-
dinary sums. This copy of Bwtiburne’s ‘
Before Sunrisa,” first edition, {n blue merooco,
with crescent moons tn each core:
centre of powdered stars, pushes the
Keats hard in point of dainty effective-
ness. Also, among the English
ers, Zashnedorf shows some remarkalle
morooco twaying after Grolleresque dosiena,
and Riviere, a Prenoh binder esttled ia London
and employicg Freno) workmen, sends a beai-
taful oopy of Browniug’s “Dramatio Romasors,”
Vale Press, in blue moroceo wit onk leaves
and white thorn bloasoma. Miss Prideaur, the
foremost Eng ish woman binder, has an admir-
able oopy of Bpenser's “Shepherd's Calendor.”
in brown moroeoo with tulip blossoma

Of the Amertoan binders, besidea the work of
Mise Preston already mentioned, St heman
of Rew Yok offers a fine copy of
Michel's “Ribena tn moroera,
and a SHolbein's “Daunoe of Treat’ fa
black morocoo, with a bordering of e#
skulle and a oentrepivoe Onsisting of a
akeeton beating on hie drum, the fgure in
white moroom, Zaelinof Memphia, Mise Huik-
ley of Bt. Louls and Macdonald cf Sew York
also have notable work. Among the novelties
of the display are some vo umes !n undyved cow-
of a rich ris-
set @olor, The exiibittion stl beo,en foronea
week and is free.

Where, Ob Whera Ie the Woman's Hotei?

To rrr Epitor or Tar Stux-Sir’ On Jan
4, 1000, with a great blare of trun. peta, It was
announced that the hrosemery £80000 bad
been raised an‘ the Woman's ote! was a
certainty

Then we learned, that is those who eared
or rather teok the trouble to tnautra, Chit the
compeny was incorporated and had ofMoes
In the Townsend Buliding. Then eversthing
was quiet and nothing more wis heard of it
{n any way

About threa weeks ago one of tle news-
papers reported that the Bradicy-Martin house
had been purchased by the Woman's Hotel
Company, and the lone woman's heart was
Ughter and happier than it had been for many
a day

Passing through Twentieth street one

 

eTimeon

ver

 

day

Thehigh |

Songs | (
; 500 loet
and |

bind. |

| tesides werning from
| the patr

| thake warnings ca

ard, but eventually part aanshiy and the “pub-
0 weal® triumphed, aud the young moan handed
it to the Dernoeratio norminee for Auditor, and
together they concocted a pian w « heckmate
the Demo
oratic cajapalign couwuittee took the matter up
and made one of the loca! lasues of it, deciaring
tiat deputios and clerks alouid be tt ¢ heads of

farnilies, bart of their declaration reading: “The
offices shall not be fied with y rang WOMEN
who ought to be at home learolng to make

broad,” Pronises were made to married men
with families that if they would obtain a certats
number of votes for the Democratic nominee
jucrative jobe would be awaiting then, mrovid-
ing they won out, But in the fluni outcome
woman's wit was victorious and Mr, Corner,
eipported by bis fas clerks, wou out by a
acTAtAN,

 

TAR LIFE SAVING SERVICE,

269 Stations in All-Lives and Property Saved
During the Vear.

Wasntnoton, Nov. 18.—The annual report

may,
shows that at tho close of the fiscal year t!»
establishuuent emLraced 200 stations, ifs belie
outhe AUantio, 68 on the Lakes, 16 on the Pacific,
and one at the fads of the Olde at Loulsvilie, Ky
‘lhe number of disasters to documented ve
sela within the field of operations of the service
duriug the year was 884. ‘JLere were on board
Lhese veaseis 1,656 persons, of whom 2,67 were
saved and #8 lost, Six Lundred and severty-
thirey shipwrecked persous ved Buceor at
the stations, to whotn lea? Gaye’ relief ky the
a Puree ate was afforded. The esumated valiie
the veesois {pvolyved in dianst Lor Was 84,1 ,
and that of their cargoes $),542,46), tl ik te
otal value of property lr pertile Md $0,470.19
{ this amount $7,264,000 Was saved Abd b2,200,-
he number of vessels totally bot
was sii ty-one.
Inaddita = Brent foregoing there were during
year | 3 ™ smal crall, @uch as
sinall yachts, eal ity: ta, rowboats, &e.,on board
of which there were 741 persons, 776 of whom
were saved and live lost The property in-
volved in tiene instances is estimated at $267,070,
of which $256,770 was saved and $10,300 lost
Besides the number of persons saved from
vessels of ali kinds there were 601 others rescued
who had fallen from wharves, piers and other
positions of eatreme peril, many of whom would
lave perished without the ‘aid of the life saving
crews. Five bundied aud fourteen of these
were rescued from dwelling es, outbuiid-
ings aud other elevated places submerged
wholly or In part by the terribie flood of the
Bravos River in Texas, July 6 to 12, 1800
The crews saved and assisted to save during
(he year 871 vessels, valued with their cargoes
at $4,006,500, and rendered assistance of minor
inpertance to #85 other vessels in distress
denger ty the efenals c f
len 1M vexsse While the nuinber of
livesand theamount of property raved throt “wh
rot be stated, it is certain
that | Numerous Gis wters were averted which
but have resulted in loss of property aud
: of lives,

 
  

  
    

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

4

jeonardly sed hundreds

[he cost of the maintenance of the service
furing the veer w as $1,595,086,

Phe general at iperint endent ealle attention to
the jration ond necessity of an inerease in the

| gor veneation of di atrict superintendents who,

) thelr bebs

he helevos, are the De rest paid servants of
the Gover? eo sidering the nature end
extant of th Aiton and thei rheary financial

 

tv, and he makes a strong plea in

  

ranma 5)

 

——-

TH ANKGGIY: ING

 

may,

|
Gov, Roosevelt Issues the Annual Proclama<«

{ notioed that the Bradiey-Martin house was ,

 

    

almost entirely demolished, and pace
and aeked the coremes whethor t ' Sond
bed beey purchased by the Woman 8 Pi; tel
Company.

“The oman ¢ Hotel, ia it? Faith, then I
ear t A xs u, it leno woman's hotel} tat i going
» be bullt bare but a fire hotel for shelors
men, aN dea”

o, once aenin, We poor walting women ar
doomed ie fs pointinent Sinea then
have ina yi i every pr nent business

° eee met an dt more
then, Yeoe m bleserd 2 idl

What ie t matter oom-

sane V here. is the me 19 they

het bur ground end uake “a beginning? Als
7 again doomed to disappointr nent?
ome one

    
   

 

once seid oi aa? revious
agempt to slert a Wome tel hed killed
the promoters and the ar Are the
Prggent, bent uraty e wh Pag or dead?
e &Mowtt fe of astug the #19 Woman
are enorpions t oe a !
able, end yer ad do
AY AWAY 08 o6
“ah hy does not .

 

 

or ¢ live man ta a. tala aieut che | re
freon gh, or are they afraid to be ;
Wroug bars otuon with it?
y ac Wartrna
New Teen wv

Biovwtog Of Steam.

VO THB EDITOR OF THB SUN- Str; And »
ex-Priest Hy Loreon was not allowed to ¢! ve rent to

ule heretical aentiments ina girs echo in Turks,
This ls “Turkish Intolerance. Isn't Rome fully as
iotolersnt of Loyeon’ Speaking of intolerance,
Ween’ Pope Dowie mohted in London’ ‘That ta

Britieah Intolerance. Weren't orthe
rerteed i Oblo and banished fro
iey ® Biante inet ie Argerican ,eTANC®. Lurker
@id put burn Loyson'’s house corer uie ad ast
¢ a Neaserar 68 435 the SanctiAragte at y .
1y'80n beep tarred and feathered Ly the Turks as
omtodoa ormone hare been by tirir intelerans
fteluw-Amertionne.

Sweet Hd of Liberty

Of thee 1 sing.”

Yours for en

Con Towteltes ten

1 Pr raldent MoKir

  
   

 

 

NEWANK, Now. © Wicarms

Democratic Geareentention Not
the Democracy.
From the New Orleans Times-Dem
WASHINGTON, Nov. &— The Propos.tion to reo
ganize the Democratic party by elimination ft
the conditions which brought about a fusion
various political elements does not appear to be re

Populer tn

f the

dominate the pariz.

|
Ceived with Good grace by the South and West, which
| Soatese i

thon.
Aupaxy, N. ¥., Nov. 18--Gov. Roosevelt
to-<dav leaned the following Thankswiving
proclamation:

Srate or New Yonex, ExXecrTive CAANPER.
In acoordance with the wise custom of our
forefathers. now continued for many genera-

 

  
 
  

tiong, | hereby set apart Thureday, tl 19 twenty-
ainth day of Ne wember, 10, us ad { Thanks-
giving and prayer to the Al: for the
innumerable benefts conterre
tvens of this Stale in conmon

itizene
hich haw just
belng whieh we

f the whole netion during the ye
i vatertal well.
the chances 6

   

moral betterment wiiel e always open to
us
joone at the Capitol in the eitr of Albany
this thirteenth dav of Novernber {a the year
of our Lord nineteen hundred
Ta opornr Roosgsvevr
Ry the Governor William J. ¥ nas, Hec-
re “y to tha G ernor
Austrian Insurance Agatnst Strikes,
Prom the Philadelphia Record
While French workmen and emplorers have
put into effect a very sattefactory und volun-
tary evetem of artitration for the eetuement
f oll dissgreamente, and Germany is seeking
to polve the; era by tho might of the law,
a pnumber of Austrian manufacturers have
reoentivy formed an aesoctation for Insurance

agninet etrikes, acc ng to a report of W
if. ssivid, Cot@ul at le

jt is tha ob ect of th

 

* association to Indem-

  

nify ite eeveral members for all losses fue-
tained by them fromm unjust etrikes, which
thay break cut i heir respecuve estat sh-
nenta, whether fTolhutary 6YIaApatheiuc
forced kach mamber is to par a weekls
premium equa] to from 8 Ww 4 per cent. of the
amount of his) pavroll The indemnity t
be paid to hon in each case of a strike is to be
tentatively 60 per cent of the wagea paid to
his emplorees for th week next preceding
the suspenelon of wor Ai is pore i, how-
ever, that no ince: y shall be paid if a om
mities of eon Rdential age e pes ted vy the
aseccmauon anoll. alter a fr Westiwathou
{ au tue Cle uMmetAnoesn, fly 4 the @trine 18 a
justifable one
It eppearn thot this movement of industrial
emplorers ta not sonfined w Austria, bus that
|} @ @inilar insurance associauon, though on a
emalier soele mas beer rearjzed in Lalpete
Both e Austrian aud the German nssocae
tions, it ayy ear s% recogni7za in principle ‘
ates Of etrikes, which (9, at feast [n Gere
4n ituportant conoeas w r
No Spitting on the Sidewalks to St, Pawel,
From the St. Paul Piomeer-bren
This is the last day tha’ people may apit on the side-
walls WHAOUS COBEET cf arrest le morrow morming

\he or
Cotam! ss

nance totroduced at tie sangceation of Health
ner Obage, passed by both branches of the
City Coun and signed by the Mayor, wil be @iven

   

publication and after that Um- will beineRrct. Taco
penaltyis @ fine of from 8! 5° of imprisonment
mote to egy dags
he enuf. teement of 1 R nee will mot ar ive
‘ y upon ¢ Teal! t { t "The poll ate
' len sfeet nihe maverand seeto Wt atotfend
ers ate arrested, The ordbuaver cares with i pro

hibition !n regard to turowing cigar stubs @0@ fruit
peclingsou the walks. A man who inaisteen empeo
tale ting on the street should atcp to be Sutier,

 

|
}
|
|
}